# Page 1

HSBC Life Wealth Accelerate Product Summary
Important Note
This Product Summary contains simplified descriptions of the product features and general exclusions
applicable to HSBC Life Wealth Accelerate and this is not exhaustive. This is not a contract of insurance
and the precise terms and conditions of the product are specified in the General Provisions for HSBC Life
Wealth Accelerate. Your Financial Planner will be able to provide a copy of the General Provisions for HSBC
Life Wealth Accelerate for your reference at Your request.
The actual Benefits payable will be based on the actual performance of the assets of the underlying funds
(as described in the Fund Summaries). Investments in investment-linked plans are subjected to
investment risks including the possible loss of the principal amount invested. The value of Units in the
sub-funds may fall as well as rise.
Buying a life insurance Policy is a long-term commitment. An early Termination of the Policy usually
involves high costs and the Surrender Value payable may be less than the total Premiums paid.
The Fund Summaries contains details on the funds and constitutes a part of the Product Summary,
without which the Product Summary is incomplete. As such, this Product Summary booklet must be read
together with the Fund Summaries.
More information on the funds can be found in the Fund Prospectuses which are available online at
www.hsbclife.com.sg.
This is not a contract of insurance and the specific terms and conditions of this plan are provided in the relevant
Policy documents. It does not have regard to any specific investment objectives, financial situation or the
particular needs of a specific person. You should consult your Financial Planner for a financial analysis before
purchasing a Policy suitable to meet your needs.
The Company does not bear the loss resulting from any currency conversion or the cost of charges incurred on
any transactions pertaining to currency conversions.
The allocation, crediting, cancellation, switching or other dealings of Units as described in the Policy are solely
for the purpose of the Policy, including without limitation for determining its Account Value.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Company shall have the right to use the Regular Premiums received to invest in
the relevant reference funds or to make such other investments as the Company may consider appropriate,
provided that the Account Value of the Policy shall be determined based on the Unit Price of the relevant Units
standing to the credit of the policy.
December 2025 Page 1 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 2

HSBC Life Wealth Accelerate
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1. THE POLICY................................................................................................ ............................ 3
2. CERTAIN RISKS................................................................................................ ....................... 3
3. BONUSES................................................................................................ ............................... 3
4. BENEFITS................................................................................................ ............................... 5
5. POLICY PREMIUM................................................................................................ .................... 9
6. POLICY FEES AND CHARGES................................................................................................... 14
7. WITHDRAWAL....................................................................................................................... 16
8. INVESTMENTS....................................................................................................................... 19
9. SUBSCRIPTION, ALLOCATION AND REDEMPTION OF UNITS....................................................... 22
10. SOFT DOLLAR COMMISSIONS OR ARRANGEMENT.................................................................... 25
11. CONFLICTS OF INTEREST...................................................................................................... 25
12. REPORTS............................................................................................................................. 25
13. OTHER MATERIAL INFORMATION........................................................................................... 25
14. POLICY MATURITY................................................................................................................ 26
15. SURRENDER OF THE POLICY.................................................................................................. 26
16. LAPSATION OF POLICY.......................................................................................................... 26
17. TERMINATION OF POLICY...................................................................................................... 27
18. REINSTATEMENT OF POLICY.................................................................................................. 27
19. SUICIDE CLAIM..................................................................................................................... 28
20. FREE-LOOK PERIOD.............................................................................................................. 28
21. POLICY CURRENCY............................................................................................................... 29
22. OTHER IMPORTANT NOTES................................................................................................... 29
December 2025 Page 2 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 3

1. THE POLICY
HSBC Life Wealth Accelerate is a whole life, Regular Premium Investment Linked Plan (“ILP”) which rewards
You with up to three types of bonuses (Start-up Bonus, Power-up Bonus and Loyalty Bonus) along the Policy
term as You invest.
This Policy allows You to choose to pay regular Premiums in SGD or USD, and select a Minimum Investment
Period (‘ MIP ’) of 25 or 30 years subjected to MIP and maximum entry Age. It also offers a wide range of ILP
Sub-Funds over different sectors and markets for You to manage your risk and also capture potential
investment growth. You will also be protected against Death and Terminal Illness during the Policy term.
This Policy is a Guaranteed Issuance Offer. Benefits are payable under the Policy:
a) during the period stated in the Certificate of Insurance; and
b) subject to the satisfaction of the terms and conditions of this Policy.
Once the Policy is issued, the Policy Currency and MIP cannot be changed.
2. CERTAIN RISKS
The actual Benefits payable will be based on the actual performance of the assets of the underlying funds,
as described in the summary of the relevant ILP Sub- Funds (“Fund Summaries”). Investments in
Investment-linked plans are subject to investment risks including the possible loss of the principal amount
invested. The value of Units in the ILP Sub-Funds may fall or rise depending on economic/market
conditions.
The risks of investing in the ILP Sub-Funds are set out in the relevant section of the Fund Summaries and
Fund Prospectuses.
Buying a life insurance Policy is a long-term commitment. An early Termination of the Policy usually
involves high costs and the Surrender Value payable may be less than the total Premiums paid.
3. BONUSES
3.1. START-UP BONUS
While this Policy is in force, We will pay a Start-up Bonus upon receipt of each payment of Regular
Premium for the first four to five Policy Years depending on the selected MIP.
Start-up Bonus = the applicable Start-up Bonus rate x applicable Regular Premium payment
The Start-up Bonus rate (per annum) is based on the following table:
Year MIP
25 Years 30 Years
1 25% 30%
2 40% 40%
3 40% 40%
4 40% 40%
5 50%
Total 145% 200%
December 2025 Page 3 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 4

The Start-up Bonus will be allocated to the Initial Units Account (‘ IUA ’) in the form of additional Units
in accordance with Your latest Investment Option Allocation Instruction. The Units will be allocated on
the Dealing Days of the relevant Investment Options as soon as practicable following the date the Start-
up Bonus is payable.
The Account Value relating to the Start-up Bonus will not be payable to the Policyholder and/or the
beneficiary(ies) as a lump sum amount, or as part of the Death Benefit and/or Terminal Illness Benefit,
if any of the following scenarios happens:
a) if the Life Assured dies as a result of suicide as described in the Suicide Claim provision in this
Policy; or
b) if the Life Assured’s non -Accidental Death occurs within eighteen (18) months starting from the
Commencement Date or the date of any Reinstatement of this Policy (if applicable), whichever is
later; or
c) if the Life Assured’s Terminal Illness condition commences within eighteen (18) months starting
from the Commencement Date or the date of any Reinstatement of this Policy (if applicable),
whichever is later; or
d) if this Policy is cancelled during the Free-Look Period.
3.2. POWER-UP BONUS
Starting from the first Policy month on Policy Year 15 and while the Policy is in force, the Policyholder
will receive the Power-up Bonus every month till the end of MIP, subject to the eligibility criteria.
Premium Tier MIP
25 Years 30 Years
Less than S$9,600 / 1.00% 1.25%
US$6,720
S$9,600 / US$6,720 1.05% 1.30%
and more
Power-up Bonus = the applicable Power-up Bonus rate/12 x the prevailing Total Account Value
The Power-up Bonus will be allocated to the Accumulation Units Account (‘ AUA ’) in the form of
additional Units in accordance with Your latest Investment Option Allocation Instruction.
th
The Power-up Bonus will be allocated at the start of Policy Year 15 (169 month) till the end of MIP. It
will be allocated monthly on the same day of each calendar month as the Commencement Date, and
the Units are to be purchased on the Dealing Days of the relevant Investment Options as soon as
practical following the date the Power-up Bonus is payable.
There will be no Power-up Bonus given to the Policy in the subsequent twelve (12) Policy months if the
Policyholder has made one or more of the below transactions:
a. The Policyholder has made a Partial Withdrawal from AUA; or
b. The Policyholder has been on Premium Holiday; or
c. The Policyholder has reduced the Regular Premium.
The Power-up Bonus resumes on the 13th month following the date of the above transaction(s), if none
of the above transactions are made during the preceding twelve (12) months.
December 2025 Page 4 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 5

3.3. LOYALTY BONUS
Starting from the first Policy month after the end of MIP and while the Policy is in force, You will receive
the Loyalty Bonus every month throughout the Policy term, subject to the eligibility criteria.
MIP
25 Years 30 Years
0.90% 1.10%
Loyalty Bonus = (the applicable Loyalty Bonus rate / 12) x the prevailing Total Account Value
The Loyalty Bonus will be allocated to the AUA in the form of additional Units in accordance with Your
latest Investment Option Allocation Instruction.
The Loyalty Bonus will be allocated monthly on the same day of each calendar month as the
Commencement Date, and the Units are to be purchased on the Dealing Days of the relevant
Investment Options as soon as practical following the date the Loyalty Bonus is payable.
The Loyalty Bonus will be allocated starting from the first Policy month after the end of MIP. It will be
allocated monthly on the same day of each calendar month as the Commencement Date, and the Units
are to be purchased on the Dealing Days of the relevant Investment Options as soon as practical
following the date the Power-up Bonus is payable.
There will be no Loyalty Bonus given to the Policy in the subsequent twelve (12) Policy months if the
Policyholder has made a Partial Withdrawal.
th
For avoidance of doubt, the Loyalty Bonus resumes on the 13 month following the date of Partial
Withdrawal.
4. BENEFITS
4.1. DEATH BENEFIT
Subject to the terms of this Policy, if the Life Assured dies (other than by reason of suicide as described
in the Suicide Claim provision in this Policy) while this Policy is in force, We will pay the Death Benefit
depending on the criteria.
th
For death occurring before the Policy Anniversary nearest to the Life Assured’s 66 birthday, we
pay both:
i) 101% of (Total Account Value)
ii) 15% of (Total Account Value - Top-ups - RSPs), capped at S$500,000 / US$350,000
Less outstanding fees and charges
th
For death occurring on and after the Policy Anniversary nearest to the Life Assured’s 66 birthday,
we pay:
i) 101% of (Total Account Value)
Less any outstanding fees and charges
Otherwise, for non-Accidental Death which occurs within eighteen (18) months starting from the
Commencement Date or the date of any Reinstatement of this Policy (if applicable), whichever is later,
Death Benefit payable to the beneficiary(ies) will not include the Account Value relating to the Start-up
Bonus.
December 2025 Page 5 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 6

Death Benefit payout will be in the Policy Currency. If the Policyholder requests for the Death Benefit
payout in another currency, it will be subject to the Company’s prevailing exchange rate at the time of
payout.
Upon payment of the Death Benefit, this Policy will automatically terminate.
4.2. TERMINAL ILLNESS BENEFIT
If the Life Assured is diagnosed with a Terminal Illness during the Policy term while the Policy is in force,
We will pay the Terminal Illness Benefit in lump sum as an advancement of the Death Benefit, and the
amount payable is limited to:
a) SGD 3 million or equivalent in value, or
b) Death Benefit at the point of Terminal Illness claim;
whichever is lower.
The maximum Terminal Illness Benefit payable on the Life Assured is SGD 3 million or equivalent in
value, inclusive of all other policies issued by Us and other insurance companies, in respect of the same
Life Assured.
The date of the diagnosis of the Terminal Illness must be after the Commencement Date, or the date of
any Reinstatement of this Policy (if applicable), whichever is later.
Terminal Illness Benefit payout will be in the Policy Currency. If the Policyholder or the beneficiary(ies)
request(s) for the Terminal Illness Benefit payout in another currency, it will be subject to the
Company’s prevailing exchange rate at the time of payout.
If the Death Benefit is fully paid out as a result of a Terminal Illness claim, the Policy will terminate.
If the Death Benefit is not fully paid out upon a Terminal Illness claim, the Policy will remain in force
with the remaining Account Value after deducting SGD 3 million (or equivalent in value) for Terminal
Illness Benefit payout.
4.3. FREE PARTIAL WITHDRAWAL BENEFIT
After the Initial Contribution Period (ICP) and during the Minimum Investment Period (MIP), the
Policyholder has the option to exercise partial withdrawals from the Accumulation Units Account
without Partial Withdrawal Charge. This benefit is subject to minimum Partial Withdrawal limits and
Minimum Account Balance limits stated in Partial Withdrawal and Minimum Account Balance clause.
Each Partial Withdrawal made under the Free Partial Withdrawal Benefit is subject to the following
conditions.
MIP 25 Years 30 Years
Maximum Number of Free Partial Withdrawal 5 7
a) For all MIP, Policyholder is entitled to two (2) Free Partial Withdrawal throughout the respective
MIP.
b) Additionally, for MIP 25:
i. From Policy Year 16 onwards to Policy Year 20, Policyholder will get 1 more Free Partial
Withdrawal in addition to the previous 2 Free Partial Withdrawal. You will be entitled up to a
maximum of 3 Free Partial Withdrawal less the number of Free Partial Withdrawals made
previously; and
ii. From Policy Year 21 onwards to Policy Year 25, Policyholder will get 2 more Free Partial
Withdrawal in addition to the previous 3 Free Partial Withdrawal. You will be entitled up to
December 2025 Page 6 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 7

maximum of 5 Free Partial Withdrawal less the number of Free Partial Withdrawals made
previously.
Policy Year Policy Year Policy Year Maximum Number of Free Partial
MIP
1 to 15 16 to 20 21 to 25 Withdrawal
25 2 3 5 5
c) Additionally, for MIP 30:
i. From Policy Year 16 onwards to Policy Year 20, Policyholder will get 2 more Free Partial
Withdrawal in addition to the previous 2 Free Partial Withdrawal. You will be entitled up to a
maximum of 4 Free Partial Withdrawal less the number of Free Partial Withdrawals made
previously;
ii. From Policy Year 21 onwards to Policy Year 25, Policyholder will get 1 more Free Partial
Withdrawal in addition to the previous 4 Free Partial Withdrawal. You will be entitled up to a
maximum of 5 Free Partial Withdrawal less the number of Free Partial Withdrawals made
previously; and
iii. From Policy Year 26 onwards to Policy Year 30, Policyholder will get 2 more Free Partial
Withdrawal in addition to the previous 5 Free Partial Withdrawal. You will be entitled up to a
maximum of 7 Free Partial Withdrawal less the number of Free Partial Withdrawals made
previously.
Policy Year Policy Year Policy Year Policy Year Maximum Number of Free
MIP
1 to 15 16 to 20 21 to 25 26 to 30 Partial Withdrawal
30 2 4 5 7 7
d) Each Free Partial Withdrawal is capped at two (2) times the Annualised Regular Premium
applicable at point of exercise. This means if you have reduced your Annualised Regular Premium,
each of your Free Partial Withdrawal amount is capped at two (2) times of the reduced Annual
Regular Premium.
e) Upon each exercise of this benefit, No Power-Up Bonus or Loyalty Bonus will be given to the Policy
in the next subsequent twelve (12) Policy months
Additionally, the requested Partial Withdrawal must be within the limits of the amount allowed under
this Free Partial Withdrawal Benefit, otherwise the excess amount withdrawn will be treated as a Partial
Withdrawal subject to Partial Withdrawal Charge, where applicable.
For the avoidance of doubt, this benefit will cease after it has been fully exercised during the eligible
period, or when the policy has exceeded the MIP.
4.4. LIFE REPLACEMENT OPTION
Whilst this Policy is in force, at any time during the Policy term, You may request to exercise the Life
Replacement Option (“LRO”) to replace the Life Assured, subject to the following conditions:
1. The LRO is only available and valid to an individual Policyholder at the point of request. For other
Policyholders such as an institution or organisation, the LRO is invalid and cannot be exercised;
2. You must provide proof of insurable interest on the new Life Assured at the point of request;
3. The new Life Assured must be alive at the point of request and must fulfil the eligible entry ages of
this Policy;
4. The new Life Assured must be either Your spouse, Your child (including legally adopted child) below
Age eighteen (18), or Yourself if the Policy is initially a third party policy;
5. Upon the request being submitted, any new Riders attached to this Policy (if any), which require
underwriting and cover the new Life Assured, are subject to underwriting;
December 2025 Page 7 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 8

6. Upon replacement of the Life Assured, the Insurance Charge (if any) specified in the Insurance
Charge provision will be based on the attained age, gender and smoking status of the new Life
Assured;
7. Before any change of the Life Assured is implemented, previous Assignment of this Policy (if any)
made by You must be revoked. Except for Novation, You can no longer exercise the LRO upon any
Assignment made to this Policy;
8. Before any change of the Life Assured is implemented, previous irrevocable/revocable nomination
of beneficiary/beneficiaries (if any) made by You must be revoked.
9. If a material non-disclosure on the new Life Assured is discovered upon a claim on the new Life
Assured, the Policy shall be deemed null and void. We will refund any part of the Premium paid not
allocated to the Units and the Account Value based on the Unit Prices as at the Dealing Day on or
immediately after We void this Policy;
10. Waiting periods and survival period (if any) on any Benefits will be applicable upon
commencement of cover of the new Life Assured.
Notwithstanding the above, We reserve the right to approve or reject the request to replace the Life
Assured.
The Policyholder must submit a written request using the relevant form to the Company to exercise this
option. Once the request to replace the Life Assured is approved and the coverage on the new Life
Assured has taken effect, the Company will not be liable for any claim on the original Life Assured and
the coverage on the original Life Assured will cease immediately.
For the avoidance of doubt, the coverage on the new Life Assured will be effective on the next monthly
anniversary of the Commencement Date immediately following the Company’s approval. An
Endorsement will be issued upon the approval of the request to replace the Life Assured.
In the event of a LRO is exercised, any Rider(s) attached to the Policy will be automatically dropped.
Remaining Premiums are still payable for this Policy after LRO is exercised.
4.5. DISTRIBUTION OF DIVIDEND
4.5.1. Dividend Handling
If You choose to invest in any ILP Sub-Fund that pays dividends, You have the option to either reinvest
these dividends or to receive payout in cash of these dividends (dividend payout option).
You need to indicate the dividend payout option clearly in the Application. The default dividend payout
option is to reinvest all dividends from such ILP Sub-Fund. For any change to the preferred dividend
payout option, You must notify and give Us 30 busin ess days’ notice.
Dividend distributions are not guaranteed and can be made out of the income, capital gains and/or
capital of the ILP Sub-Fund. Dividend policies vary depending on the ILP Sub-Fund. The issuance of
dividends remains at the discretion of the relevant fund manager and are not guaranteed.
In accordance to Your selected dividend payout option, We will distribute the additional units from
dividend distributions within 21 business days from the relevant ILP Sub- Fund’s Record Date subject to
arrangement with the relevant fund manager.
4.5.2. Reinvest
If You choose the dividend payout option to reinvest the dividends, We will reinvest these dividends on
Your behalf. The reinvested dividends will increase Your units from the relevant ILP Sub-Fund.
December 2025 Page 8 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 9

The additional units obtained from the reinvested dividends will form part of the Policy Value and
relevant Policy charges (if any) will be applicable.
4.5.3. Cash Payout
If You choose the dividend cash payout option to receive the dividends payout, the payout to You will
be in the currency stated in the Certificate of Insurance irrespective of the currency of the relevant ILP
Sub-Fund chosen.
The payout will be from both Initial Units Account and Accumulation Units Account. We will only pay
dividends to You if the dividend which You are entitled to, meets the minimum dividend cash payout
amount of S$30 in both Initial Units Account and Accumulation Units Account. Otherwise, We will
reinvest on Your behalf, any dividend(s) of less than S$30 as additional units. Upon notification to You,
We reserve the right to amend the minimum dividend payout amount from time to time.
The dividends payout will be distributed only to Your designated bank account. If there is non-delivery
of dividend to Your designated bank account for whatever reason, We will reinvest that dividend as
additional units on Your behalf. Under the circumstances including but not limited to non-delivery of
dividend such as lapsation of policy, surrender of policy or fund switching, the distribution of dividends
may not be performed within 21 business days from the relevant ILP Sub- Fund’s Record Date subject
to arrangement with the relevant fund manager.
5. POLICY PREMIUM
While this Policy is in force, any Premium received by Us, after conversion into the Policy Currency (if
applicable) net of any bank charges and deduction of the relevant Policy Charges, is used for the purpose
of allocating Units in the relevant Investment Options to this Policy based on the relevant Unit Price and in
accordance with Your Investment Option Allocation Instruction. The Units will be allocated on the Dealing
Days of the relevant Investment Options as soon as practicable following the date of receipt of such
Premium by Us. No interest will be earned or credited on any Premium received pending allocation of Units
to this Policy.
Initial Contribution Period (“ICP”) for all MIP:
MIP ICP
25 Years First 48 months
30 Years First 60 months
HSBC Life Wealth Accelerate consists of 2 Accounts for Premium allocation:
IUA AUA
Regular Regular Premium during ICP Regular Premium after ICP
Premium
Other NA Top Up Premium, Recurring Single
Premiums Premium (“RSP) (if any)
5.1 REGULAR PREMIUM
The minimum Regular Premium required for this plan is as follows:
Payment Minimum Regular Premium
Frequency (in accordance with Your Policy Currency)
SGD USD
Annual 3,600 2,520
Semi-Annual 1,800 1,260
Quarterly 900 630
December 2025 Page 9 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 10

Monthly 300 Not allowed
5.1.2. REDUCTION OF REGULAR PREMIUM
The amount of Regular Premium cannot be reduced during the ICP. You may apply to reduce the
amount of Regular Premium at any time after the ICP till the end of Policy Term.
The Regular Premium can be reduced by a maximum of 25% of the original Regular Premium committed
at the Commencement Date, subject to the minimum Regular Premium as determined by the Company
from time to time.
Bonus Recovery Charge (“BRC”) applies to each Regular Premium reduction during the MIP.
If You have reduced the Regular Premium, You are not allowed to increase it thereafter.
5.1.3. INCREASE OF REGULAR PREMIUM
The amount of Regular Premium set at Policy inception cannot be increased at any time.
5.2 RECURRING SINGLE PREMIUM (“RSP”) & Top -Up Premium
RSP and Top-up Premiums are allowed on an ad-hoc basis anytime during the Policy term, subjected
to minimum amount as below:
Payment Minimum Amount Remark
Type (in accordance with Your Policy Currency)
SGD USD
RSP $100 per month Not allowed • Only monthly mode is available.
• RSP must be in multiples of $100.
Top-up $5,000 US $3,500 • Top-up Premium must be in
Premium multiples of $100/US $100.
RSP must be paid in monthly mode through interbank GIRO and is subject to a minimum amount
determined by Us, which may be varied from time to time.
There will be no premium charge from each Premium of Your RSP and Top-up Premium before
allocating to the AUA.
RSP and Top-up Premium is not allowed during the Premium Holiday Period. If Premium Holiday is
activated, We will stop Your RSP.
5.3. GRACE PERIOD
There is a Grace Period of thirty (30) days from the Regular Premium due date (excluding RSP and Top-
up Premiums.
December 2025 Page 10 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 11

After Grace Period (Remains Unpaid)
During ICP • Policy will lapse
• Early Encashment Charge (“EEC”) will apply.
After ICP to end of MIP • Premium Holiday will be automatically activated
• Applicable Charges will apply
• Policy remains in force as long as the Total Account Value is sufficient
to cover the charges due during the Premium Holiday Period.
• If the Total Account Value is insufficient to cover the payment of the
applicable Policy Charges, the Premium Holiday will cease and We
will notify You to resume the payment of Regular Premium within a
Grace Period of thirty (30) days (“Second Grace Period”).
• If the Regular Premium remains unpaid after the Second Grace
Period, this Policy will lapse and if this happens during the MIP, the
EEC will apply.
During the Grace Period, dividends (if any) from the Investment Option(s) that are due from the unpaid
Regular Premium(s) will not be issued.
5.4. PREMIUM HOLIDAY
Premium Holiday can be activated under either of these situations:
a. The Policyholder may apply to stop paying Regular Premium by sending the Company an
Application in the form specified by the Company, provided that the Total Account Value on the
date on which the Application is approved (if such date is a Dealing Day of the relevant Investment
Options or otherwise on their Dealing Days immediately before such date) is sufficient to cover the
applicable Policy Charges. The Premium Holiday will commence on the Regular Premium due date
immediately following the date on which the approval of Application is dated;
b. If the Regular Premium due is not paid after the Grace Period, the Policy will automatically go into
the Premium Holiday. The Premium Holiday will commence on the Regular Premium due date
immediately following the end of the Grace Period, provided that the Total Account Value on such
date (if such date is a Dealing Day of the relevant Investment Options or otherwise on their Dealing
Days immediately before such date) is sufficient to cover the applicable Policy Charges.
During the Premium Holiday, the Total Account Value will be reduced by the Policy Charges due in
accordance with the terms of this Policy. The Policy will remain in force so long as the Total Account
Value is sufficient to cover the applicable Policy Charges due.
The absence of Premiums will impact Your Total Account Value, as no new Premiums are being invested
during Premium Holiday. Additionally, applicable charges on Your Total Account Value will still be
deducted during this period.
December 2025 Page 11 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 12

5.4.1. AVAILABILITY
Premium Holiday
During ICP • Not allowed. If the Regular Premium due are not
received after the Grace Period of thirty (30) days, this
Policy will lapse immediately and the applicable EEC
will apply.
After ICP to end of MIP • Allowed, up to a Maximum Premium Holiday Duration
of a total aggregate of eighty-four (84) months.
• Power-up Bonuses are forfeited during the Premium
Holiday Period. If the Policyholder chooses to backpay
his Premiums before resuming payment of Regular
Premiums, missed Power-up Bonuses will be returned
to the Policy after deducting the missed Policy Charges
that should have been charged on the missed Regular
Premium amount during the Premium Holiday.
After end of MIP • Allowed. Unlimited Premium Holiday, with no
Maximum Premium Holiday Duration.
• If on any day during the Premium Holiday, the Total
Account Value on the relevant due date for the relevant
Policy Charges (if the due date is a Dealing Day of the
relevant Investment Options or otherwise on their
Dealing Days immediately before the due date) is, in the
Company’s opinion, insufficient to cover the applicable
Policy Charges, the Premium Holiday will cease on such
day as determined by the Company in its absolute
discretion
5.4.2. MAXIMUM PREMIUM HOLIDAY DURATION
The Maximum Premium Holiday Duration is eighty-four (84) months and takes into account
cumulatively past Premium Holiday Periods, even if You pay Regular Premium in between Premium
Holiday Periods. For example, Policy goes on Premium Holiday for the first twelve (12) months, and
then Regular Premiums are paid for six (6) months, and a second Premium Holiday of twelve (12)
months is taken, then the Premium Holiday Duration taken is twenty-four (24) months.
In the event Your total Premium Holiday Period has exceeded the Maximum Premium Holiday Duration,
We will notify You to resume the payment of Regular Premium. If the Regular Premium due is not
received after the Grace Period of thirty (30) days, this Policy will lapse immediately and the EEC will
apply.
For avoidance of doubt, the applicable Policy Charges, when due, will continue to be payable and will
be deducted from their respective Accounts during the Premium Holiday. No Power-up Bonus will be
given to the Policy during the Premium Holiday.
5.4.3 Repayment of the Missed Premiums during Premium Holiday
You are allowed to pay back the Regular Premiums that are missed during the Premium Holiday, subject
to all the following conditions:
a) The missed Regular Premiums are paid for the latest Premium Holiday taken;
b) The missed Regular Premiums are paid on the Regular Premium due date immediately following
the end of the Premium Holiday;
December 2025 Page 12 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 13

c) All the missed Regular Premiums have to be repaid in full (no partial repayment of the missed
Premiums); and
d) The next Regular Premium due is paid.
You are not allowed to pay back missed Premiums in past Premium Holiday Periods if You have
continued to pay Regular Premium. For example, You go on Premium Holiday for six (6) months and
then resumes paying Regular Premiums for Your policy, You will not be allowed to pay for the six (6)
months’ worth of missed Premiums
The repaid Regular Premium amount will be allocated to the AUA after the following transactions:
1) Deducting the missed IMF that should have been charged on the missed Regular Premiums amount
during the Premium Holiday, based on the following formula:
(IMF rate per the total repaid Regular Number of
Missed IMF = x x
annum / 12) Premium amount missed months
and
2) Adding the missed Power-up Bonus or Loyalty Bonus based on the following formula:
the total
(Power-up
Missed repaid Number of
Bonus rate the prevailing Total
Power- = x (+ Regular) x missed
per annum Account Value
up Bonus Premium months
/12)
amount
or
(Loyalty the total repaid
Missed Number of
Bonus rate Regular
Loyalty = x x missed
per annum Premium
Bonus months
/12) amount
in which “Number of missed months” refers to the number of Policy months that the Regular
Premiums are not paid during the Premium Holiday.
Following the repayment of Regular Premium, the Power-up Bonus or Loyalty Bonus will be paid into
the AUA of the Policy from the next due date of the Power-up Bonus or Loyalty Bonus. The total
aggregate Premium Holiday Period will be reset.
December 2025 Page 13 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 14

6. POLICY FEES AND CHARGES
6.1. FEES AND CHARGES
ACCOUNT The AMF is payable from the IUA during the MIP.
MAINTENANCE
FEE (“AMF”) The AMF is calculated as below:
Monthly AMF = (AMF Rate per annum / 12) x the Account Value of the IUA as
of the due date for the AMF
AMF Rate per annum: 3.4% of IUA Value
These rates are guaranteed throughout the MIP.
No AMF is payable after the end of the MIP.
INVESTMENT The IMF is payable during the Policy term and as long as the Policy is in force.
MANAGEMENT
FEE (“IMF”) The IMF is calculated as below:
Monthly IMF = (IMF Rate per annum / 12) x the Account Value of the AUA as
of the due date for the IMF
IMF Rate per annum: 1.0% of AUA Value
The IMF rate is guaranteed throughout the Policy term.
At any time during the MIP, an EEC will be imposed on the IUA upon any of the EARLY
ENCASHMENT following events:
CHARGE (“EEC”)
i) Surrender of the Policy,
ii) Termination of the Policy (other than Death or Terminal Illness of the Life
Assured),
iii) Regular Premiums due remain unpaid after the Grace Period during the
ICP; or
iv) Premium Holiday Period is exceeded and Regular Premiums due remain
unpaid after the Grace Period.
The EEC is calculated as below:
EEC = applicable EEC rate x the Account Value of the IUA at the point the EEC
is imposed
The EEC will be deducted in calculating the Surrender Value of this Policy.
Refer to Appendix A for the EEC rate table.
The EEC rates are guaranteed throughout the Policy term.
December 2025 Page 14 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 15

PARTIAL PWC is imposed upon each Partial Withdrawal made during the MIP of the
WITHDRAWAL Policy. The PWC will be deducted before the Partial Withdrawal amount is
CHARGE (“PWC”) payable to the You.
The PWC is calculated as below:
PWC = PWC rate x the Partial Withdrawal amount made
No PWC applies if the Partial Withdrawal is made after the end of the MIP.
PWC rate is as below:
Partial PWC Rate
Withdrawal made
IUA AUA
in the Policy Year
Not Applicable 7%
During ICP Partial withdrawal is
not allowed
Not Applicable 7%
After ICP to end of
Partial withdrawal is
MIP
not allowed
No PWC No PWC
After end of MIP
The PWC is not guaranteed, and We reserve the right to vary this charge set out
in this Policy and the manner in which the charges may be imposed by Us, and
We will notify You in writing of any such variation with at least one (1) month
prior notice.
BONUS BRC is imposed upon each Regular Premium reduction during the MIP.
RECOVERY
CHARGE (“BRC”) BRC will be deducted from the IUA when the reduced Regular Premium takes
effect
Number of months
Total%
Premium passed since Policy
of
reduction inception
BRC ($) = x Start-up x (1 -)
amount ---------------------------
Bonus
($) Committed MIP
received
(months)
in which
• “Committed MIP ” is the MIP selected and committed by Policyholder at the
Commencement Date, and
• “ Number of months passed since Policy inception ” is the period that
Regular Premium has been paid.
The BRC is not guaranteed, and We reserve the right to vary this charge set out
in this Policy and the manner in which the charges may be imposed by Us, and
We will notify You in writing of any such variation with at least one (1) month
prior notice.
SWITCHING FEE The Switching Fee is currently waived by the Company. We reserve the right to
impose a Switching Fee as determined by Us from time to time.
REDEMPTION FEE The Redemption Fee is currently waived by the Company. We reserve the right
to impose a Redemption Fee as determined by Us from time to time.
December 2025 Page 15 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 16

FUND The Fund Management Charges for the underlying funds will vary from one
MANAGEMENT underlying fund to another. The Fund Management Charges are not
CHARGES guaranteed, and are determined by the fund Manager of each underlying fund
and are set out in the offering documents of the underlying funds which are
made available by the Company. Fund Management Charges are payable from
the assets of the ILP Sub-Funds.
OTHER CHARGES The underlying funds are subject to the fees, charges and expenses levied by
ON UNDERLYING the investment Managers and other service providers of the underlying funds
FUNDS as set out in the offering documents for the underlying funds and will vary from
one underlying fund to another. These charges are payable from the assets of
the ILP Sub-Funds. Copies of the offering documents for the underlying funds
are made available by the Company.
7. WITHDRAWAL
7.1. MINIMUM ACCOUNT BALANCE
The Minimum Account Balance is only applicable when there are withdrawals performed. Should the
Account Value drop below the Minimum Account Balance due to market movement, there will be no
trigger to the Policy for Termination.
Minimum Account Balance
During ICP Not applicable as withdrawals are not allowed.
After ICP to end of The Minimum Account Balance is the IUA Value.
MIP Withdrawal from IUA during MIP is not allowed.
After end of MIP The Minimum Account Balance is S$3,600 / US$2,520.
7.2. PARTIAL WITHDRAWAL
Whilst this Policy is in force, You may apply to withdraw part of Your Account Value from the Account by
specifying the amount to be withdrawn or the number of Units and the Investment Options to be
cancelled in the form specified by Us, subject to the following terms and conditions:
December 2025 Page 16 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 17

Partial Withdrawal
During ICP • Partial Withdrawal from the AUA is allowed
• Minimum Partial Withdrawal amount of S$1,000 / US$700 per Partial
Withdrawal
• PWC applies on the amount withdrawn
After ICP to end of • Partial Withdrawal from the AUA is allowed, subjected to Free Partial
MIP Withdrawal Benefit set out
• Minimum Partial Withdrawal amount of S$1,000 / US$700 per Partial
Withdrawal
• PWC applies on the amount withdrawn
• Upon Partial Withdrawal, No Power-up Bonus and/Loyalty Bonus will be
given to the Policy in the next subsequent twelve (12) Policy months.
After end of MIP • Partial Withdrawal from either the AUA or IUA is allowed.
• Minimum Partial Withdrawal amount of S$1,000 / US$700 per Partial
Withdrawal
• PWC does not apply on the amount withdrawn
• Upon Partial Withdrawal, no Loyalty Bonus will be given to the Policy in
the next subsequent twelve (12) Policy months.
• The remaining Total Account Value of the Policy after the withdrawal
shall not be less than the Minimum Account Balance.
7.3. REGULAR WITHDRAWAL
After the MIP, as long as Your Policy is in force, You may apply to make Regular Withdrawals.
If You do not indicate the Account from which the Regular Withdrawal amount should be deducted, the
requested withdrawal amount will be deducted from the AUA first. If the Account Value of the AUA is not
sufficient to deduct the Regular Withdrawal Amount, the remaining Regular Withdrawal Amount will be
deducted from the IUA.
You may select to make Regular Withdrawals on an annual, semi-annual, quarterly or monthly basis as
long as it fulfils the minimum Regular Withdrawal amount as follows:
Regular Withdrawal Frequency Minimum Regular Withdrawal Amount
S$US$
Annual 1,200 840
Semi-annual 600 420
Quarterly 300 210
Monthly 100 Not allowed
Regular Withdrawal can be made as long as the remaining Total Account Value of the Policy after the
withdrawal is not less than the Minimum Account Balance. If the Total Account Value falls below the
Minimum Account Balance as a result of a Regular Withdrawal, We will notify You of the unsuccessful
withdrawal. If such withdrawal is still required, You have to submit a request for Surrender, and
Surrender Value (if any) will be payable.
Each Regular Withdrawal under this facility will be processed by the Company on the Regular
Withdrawal Day. The number of Units to be deducted from the Policy for each withdrawal will be
determined by reference to the redemption price of the Units prevailing as at the Regular Withdrawal
Day. The Regular Withdrawal Day depends on the frequency of withdrawal (monthly, quarterly, semi-
annual or annual) specified in the request form required by Us, as well as the Commencement Date of
th
this Policy. For example, the Commencement Date is 28 February 2019 and the request is to withdraw
th
on a monthly basis, in this case, the withdrawal will be made on 28 of each month.
December 2025 Page 17 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 18

Where the Policyholder holds Units in more than one (1) Investment Option, redemption of the Units
for purpose of Regular Withdrawal will be in proportion to the current allocation into each Investment
Option (based on the net asset value of the Investment Options on the Regular Withdrawal Day).
Your Application for withdrawal must be in a form specified by Us to be sent to the Company’s office.
The amount withdrawn is the aggregate of such number of outstanding Units of the Investment Options
to be cancelled multiplied by their respective Unit Prices on the Dealing Days on which the Units are
cancelled. Fees and charges imposed by the Company in respect of the relevant Investment Option on
such cancellation (if any) will be deducted from the proceeds of the relevant cancellation. The Units will
be cancelled on the Dealing Days of the relevant Investment Options as soon as practicable following
the date on which Our approval of Your Application.
Regular Withdrawal will cease:
(a) on the first Dealing Day after the request for withdrawal is received, if processing that request will
reduce the value of the Account Value of the IUA to an amount below the Minimum Account
Balance;
(b) upon written request by the Policyholder; or
(c) upon Termination of the Policy.
We reserve the right to suspend or terminate this Regular Withdrawal facility at any time and shall under
no circumstances be responsible for any losses whatsoever due to Our decision to suspend or terminate
this facility. We will notify thirty (30) days before the Termination of this facility.
December 2025 Page 18 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 19

8. INVESTMENTS
8.1. INVESTMENT OPTION
The allocation, crediting, cancellation, switching or other dealings of Units as described in this Policy
are solely for the purpose of this Policy, including without limitation for determining its Account Value.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Company shall have the right to use the Regular Premiums received to
invest in the relevant underlying funds or to make such other investments as the Company may
consider appropriate, provided that the Account Value of this Policy shall be determined based on the
Unit Price of the relevant Units standing to the credit of this Policy.
You may choose up to the maximum number of ten (10) ILP Sub-Funds for this Policy. The minimum
allocation of investment per ILP Sub-Fund is one percent (1%) and the total allocation of investment
for Your Policy is one hundred percent (100%).
You have no legal or beneficial interest in any monies held by Us before the same is used for allocating
Units to this Policy, any monies held by Us following the cancellation of Units, or any Units in the
underlying funds of or any assets underlying the ILP Sub-Funds. You do not control or have any right to
control Our investment Policy or the investment Policy of any Investment Option. The allocation of
Units in the ILP Sub-Funds to this Policy is solely for the purpose of this Policy, including without
limitation for determining its Account Value.
8.1.1. ADDITION OF ILP SUB-FUNDS
We may determine that one (1) or more additional ILP Sub-Funds be made available for this Policy. All
provisions of this Policy will apply to the additional ILP Sub-Funds unless stated otherwise.
8.1.2. DELETION OF ILP SUB-FUNDS
We have the right at any time to determine that an ILP Sub-fund will cease, whether temporarily or
otherwise, to be made available for further investment (the “Terminating ILP Sub-fund ”).
We will give You one (1) month’s prior written notice before terminating the ILP Sub-fund. We will cease
to allow the relevant holders from making allocation or cancellation of Units in the Terminating ILP
Sub-Fund after expiry of this notice period.
If You have Units of the Terminating ILP Sub-Fund standing to the credit of this Policy and the
Terminating ILP Sub-Fund has ceased to be made available to You, Units in the Terminating ILP Sub-
Fund standing to the credit of this Policy will be cancelled, and redeemed on the last Dealing Day of the
notice period.
Proceeds from such redemption will be used to purchase Units in alternative ILP Sub-Funds, as follows:
a) We will ask You to instruct Us in writing by a specified date, on Your choice of an alternative ILP
Sub-Fund(s). We will purchase Units in the alternative ILP Sub-Fund(s) for allocation to this
Policy as advised in Our notice;
b) If We do not receive any instructions from You by the specified date, We will select one (1) or
more alternative ILP Sub-Fund(s) on Your behalf as may seem to Us appropriate; and
c) We will ask You to instruct Us in writing by a specified date on the future allocation of Premium
which would have been allocated to the Terminating ILP Sub-Fund.
If You instruct Us to re-direct future Premium to an alternative ILP Sub-Fund(s), We will act according
to Your instructions. Otherwise, We will change the Premium allocation between the ILP Sub-Funds on
Your behalf as may seem most appropriate to Us.
December 2025 Page 19 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 20

8.1.3. MERGER AND SUB-DIVISION
We have the discretion to merge or sub-divide any ILP Sub-Fund(s) or any class(es) of Units upon giving
You a written notice of one (1) month.
8.1.4. SWITCHING
Unless otherwise provided by the company, You may switch all or any of the Units in one (1) fund (the
“Original ILP Sub-Fund”) to Units of another Fund (the “Other ILP Sub-Fund”) offered under the Policy
by giving written instructions in the form provided by the Company.
You may choose up to the maximum number of ten (10) ILP Sub-Funds for this Policy. The minimum
allocation of investment per ILP Sub-Funds is one percent (1%) and the total allocation of investment
for this Policy is one hundred percent (100%).
Units of the Original ILP Sub-Fund to be switched shall be cancelled on the Dealing Day on which the
notice has been processed by Us.
Units of the Other ILP Sub-Fund will be purchased with proceeds derived from the cancellation of the
Units of the Original ILP Sub-Fund on the Dealing Day (of the Other Fund) which is subject to the
respective underlying fund Manager’s pricing policy, following the cancellation of Units in the Original
ILP Sub-Fund. Units in the Other ILP Sub-Fund will be issued based on the following formula (or such
other formula as We may determine):
A = (B x RP) - SF
IP
where:
A = the number of Units of the Other ILP Sub-Fund to be issued
B = the aggregate number of Units of the Original ILP Sub-Fund to be
switched
RP = the redemption price per Unit of the Original ILP Sub-Fund on the
Valuation Day on which the switch is to take effect
SF = the applicable switching fee (if any)
IP = the issue price per Unit of the Other ILP Sub-Fund on the Valuation
Day on which conversion is to take effect
if the number of Units of the Other Fund so produced by the above formula shall include any fraction of
a Unit of the Other Fund, such fraction shall be rounded off to the nearest 4 decimal places.
Whilst this Policy is in force, You may apply to switch Units of any ILP Sub-Fund allocated to this Policy
to another ILP Sub-Fund(s) subject to the following conditions:
a) We must receive a valid written Application in the form specified by Us;
b) The maximum number of ILP Sub-Funds before or after a switch per Policy is 10;
c) The minimum value of Units for each switch is $1,000 or 100% of the value of the Units in the
Original ILP Sub-Fund, whichever is lower; and
d) No switching of Units from the IUA to the AUA or vice versa. Switching is only allowed within the
same Account only.
Units of the ILP Sub-Fund to be switched from are cancelled on a Dealing Day of the ILP Sub-Fund as
soon as practicable following the date of Our approval of Your Application.
Units of the ILP Sub-Fund to be switched to are allocated to this Policy, with the proceeds from the
December 2025 Page 20 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 21

cancellation of Units of the ILP Sub-Fund switched from (net of any Switching Fee, if any) on a Dealing
Day of the new ILP Sub-Fund determined by the Company as soon as practicable following the date of
the cancellation of Units of the ILP Sub-Fund switched from.
The ILP Sub-Fund switching will also be subject to any other administrative rules determined by the
Company from time to time.
The Company will process the fund switch requested only if the fund switch request (if any) is completed
and approved by the Company.
8.1.5. CHANGE OF ALLOCATION INSTRUCTION
You must provide the Investment Option Allocation Instruction to Us at the time of Application for this
Policy.
The Investment Option Allocation Instruction is subject to a minimum allocation percentage in an ILP
Sub-Fund and a maximum number of ILP Sub-Funds for allocation as determined by the Company from
time to time.
As long as this Policy is in force, You may apply to change Your Investment Option Allocation Instruction.
Your Application for change of Investment Option Allocation Instruction must be in the form specified
by Us. Such change will be effective on the date immediately following the date of Our approval of Your
Application.
8.2. INVESTMENT INCOME AND EXPENSES
All income, gains and losses, whether realised or unrealised, from the underlying fund(s) of or any
underlying investments of an ILP Sub-Fund will accrue to the Company. The costs and expenses
incurred in respect of acquisition, holding and realisation of investments underlying an ILP Sub-Fund,
all outgoings relating to the ILP Sub-Fund (including without limitation costs of establishment,
management, administration and valuation, loan interests and other costs of borrowing), all levies
imposed by law or regulatory bodies and any gross amount notionally incurred in respect of taxation,
either directly or indirectly, as a result of dealing in assets underlying the ILP Sub-Fund and other
transactions of the ILP Sub-Fund and all other costs and expenses relating to the operation of the ILP
Sub-Fund shall be borne by the Company.
8.3. SUSPENSION OF DEALINGS AND LIMITATION
We or the relevant Manager may at any time in relation to any ILP Sub-Fund suspend the valuation and
the issue and redemption of the Units in their discretion under, but not limited to, the following
circumstances:
(a) during which any stock exchange, commodities exchange, futures exchange or over the counter
market on which a significant part of the relevant ILP Sub- Fund’s or underlying fund’s investments
is quoted, listed, traded or dealt in is closed (other than customary weekend and holiday closing)
or trading on any such stock exchange or market is restricted or suspended; or where applicable,
any period when dealings in any underlying funds of the ILP Sub-Fund are restricted or suspended;
or
(b) when circumstances exist as a result of which in the opinion of the Manager it is not reasonably
practicable for the relevant ILP Sub-Fund to dispose of investments or as a result of which any such
disposal would be materially prejudicial to the Policyholders; or
December 2025 Page 21 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 22

(c) when a breakdown occurs in any of the means normally employed in ascertaining the value of
investments or the net asset value or the issue and redemption price per Unit of the relevant ILP
Sub-Fund or when for any other reason the value of the relevant ILP Sub- Fund’s investments or
other assets of that ILP Sub-Fund cannot be reasonably or fairly ascertained; or
(d) during which the relevant ILP Sub-Fund is unable to repatriate funds for the purpose of making
payments on the redemption of Units or during which any transfer of funds involved in the
redemption or acquisition of investments or payments due on redemption of Units cannot in the
opinion of the Managers be effected at normal rates of exchange.
We and the relevant Manager may at any time in relation to any ILP Sub-Fund suspend the valuation,
issue and redemptions of Units during, and/or extend the period for the payment of the redemption
monies by the number of days comprised in the above circumstances (in whole or in part) and
otherwise, for a period not exceeding six (6) months.
All Policyholders will be notified, as soon as reasonably practicable, of any such suspension, and the
Termination of such suspension, by means of a written notice.
The Company may also at its absolute discretion limit the number of Units of an Investment Option
cancelled on any Dealing Day (whether for this Policy or otherwise) to 10% (or such other percentage
as We may determine) of the aggregate number of outstanding Units of the Investment Option on such
Dealing Day (disregarding any Units which are to be allocated on such Dealing Day). In such case, the
limitation will apply pro rata so that owners of policies to which Units have been allocated who wish to
have their Units cancelled on that Dealing Day will have the same proportion of such Units cancelled.
Units not cancelled will be carried forward for cancellation subject to the same limitation on the next
Dealing Day.
9. SUBSCRIPTION, ALLOCATION AND REDEMPTION OF UNITS
9.1. SUBSCRIPTION
Policyholders have to complete and sign the relevant proposal form with the choice of their Investment
Options, together with such other documents as may be required and the subscription monies in full in
the manner stipulated by Our Financial Planners.
Payment of the Premiums shall be by way of cash (if Policy Currency is in SGD), cheque, and telegraphic
transfer or through interbank GIRO (GIRO deduction is in SGD regardless of the chosen Policy Currency).
We do not bear the loss resulting from any currency conversion or the cost of charges incurred on any
transactions pertaining to currency conversions. All amounts payable to and due from the Company
will be calculated and made in the Policy Currency, unless otherwise stated and subject to acceptance
and approval by the Company.
9.2. ALLOCATION
As Units are issued on a forward pricing basis, the issue price of Units will not be ascertainable at the
time of Application.
Subject to:
(i) Our approval of the Application; and
(ii) Premium payment in full, accepted and received by Us before 2.30pm Singapore time on a
Dealing Day,
The Policyholder will be issued Units in relation to his Regular Premium, RSP or Top-up Premium (as
December 2025 Page 22 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 23

the case may be) at the Unit Price prevailing as at the first Dealing Day after approval and acceptance
of (i) and (ii), and subject to the respective underlying fund manager’s pricing policy. Any payment
which is received or which has been cleared before approval of the relevant Application shall be
deemed to be received on the first Dealing Day after approval of that Application.
Applications and Premium payment in full accepted by Us after 2.30 p.m. Singapore time on a Dealing
Day or on a day which is not a Dealing Day, will be taken to have been received on the next Dealing Day.
Policyholder will receive the following Dealing Day’s price and subje ct to the respective underlying fund
Manager’s pricing policy. We and Our authorised Financial Planners reserve the right to bring forward
the cut-off time in respect of any Dealing Day.
The pricing is done on a single pricing basis and the issue price per Unit on each Dealing Day shall be
based on the net asset value (plus or minus duties or charges) calculated by the relevant Manager as at
each Valuation Date in respect of the relevant ILP Sub-Fund invested into.
There is no minimum ILP Sub-Fund size for the continued operation of the ILP Sub-Funds.
We reserve the right to impose a limit on the value of investments made in any particular ILP Sub-Funds
or suspend further investments in any sub-funds if the fund Manager has stopped taking on new
subscriptions.
The ILP Sub-Funds shall be valued on every Dealing Day and subject to the respective underlying fund
Manager’s pricing policy. Prices of Our ILP Sub -Funds can be found on Our website at
www.hsbclife.com.sg. Policyholders and prospective Policyholders may contact Us or Our authorised
Financial Planners for details on the valuation of the ILP Sub-Funds.
9.3. CALCULATION OF NUMBER OF UNITS ALLOCATED
The following example illustrates the number of Units in an ILP Sub-Fund that a Policyholder will
receive:
Investment details Fees and Charges
Initial regular premium: $1,000 -
Notional issue price: $1.00** -
Initial number of Units = Initial single premium ÷ Issue price
= $1,000 ÷ $1.00
= 1,000 Units
Number of Units allocated at Policy Commencement Date
= Initial number of Units
= 1,000
**The actual issue price of Units will fluctuate according to the net asset value of the Units
The above example is for illustrative purposes only. Please note that bonuses (where applicable) have
not been factored into these examples.
December 2025 Page 23 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 24

9.4. REDEMPTION
Policyholders may redeem their Units on a Dealing Day at the Unit Price by submitting to Us, a written
redemption request in such form and together with such other documents as may be required by them.
A redemption request will not be treated as valid unless it is in respect of Units for which the issue price
has been fully paid by the Policyholder. We may refuse any redemption requests if all relevant
documentation has not been submitted, or under any other circumstances notified to the
Policyholders.
As Units are priced on a forward pricing basis, the redemption price of Units will not be ascertainable
at the time of the submission of the redemption request. If the Policyholder’s redemption request is
received by Us before 2.30 p.m. on a Dealing Day, the redemption request will be taken to have been
received on that Dealing Day and the Policyholder will receive that next Dealing Day’s redemption price
and subject to the respective underlying fund manager’s pricing policy. If the redemption request is
received after 2.30 p.m. on a Dealing Day or on a day which is not a Dealing Day, the realisation request
will be taken to have been received on the next Dealing Day and the Policyholder will receive the
following Dealing Day’s redemption price and subject to the respective underlying fund manager’s
pricing policy. We and Our authorised Financial Planners reserve the right to bring forward the cut-off
time in respect of any Dealing Day.
The pricing is done on a single pricing basis and the redemption price per Unit on each Dealing Day shall
be based on the net asset value (plus or minus duties or charges) calculated by the relevant fund
Manager as at each Valuation Date in respect of that ILP Sub-Fund.
Whilst it is not Our intention to do so, there may be circumstances when We or the fund Manager for the
ILP Sub-Fund may be required to purchase Unit(s) acquired by Policyholders. We will notify
Policyholders at least one (1) month before such an occurrence, or as soon as practicable if We are
unable to determine when such circumstances may occur. We will also advise Policyholders the method
of determining the price at which affected Unit(s) will be purchased at such relevant time.
9.5. SETTLEMENT FOR REDEMPTION
(a) Redemption proceeds for the Units will be paid to Policyholders within four (4) Business Days for
bond and money market ILP Sub-Funds And within six (6) Business Days for all other types of ILP
Sub-Funds (or such other period as the relevant authorities may require or allow from time to time)
from the date of the next pricing of the ILP Sub-Fund immediately following the receipt by Us of
the redemption request with all the requisite documents and information unless the redemption
amount falls below the minimum withdrawal amount set out in Partial Withdrawal clause above
or valuation or redemption of the Units has been suspended by Us and/or the relevant Manager
pursuant to Calculation Of Number Of Units Allocated clause above.
(b) The redemption proceeds payable to the Policyholder in respect of the redeemed Units will be paid
by cheque sent through the post to the Policyholder’s address (in the case of an individual) or
registered address (in the case of a corporate entity).
(c) The following example illustrates the amount of redemption proceeds the Policyholder will receive
based on a redemption of 1,000 Units, a notional redemption price of $1.00 per Unit and a Partial
Withdrawal Charge of 7% (please refer to section 6.1 on details for Partial Withdrawal Charge):
December 2025 Page 24 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 25

Investment details Fees and Charges
Number of units to be redeemed: 1,000 Partial Withdrawal Charge: 7%
Notional redemption price: $1.00** -
Gross redemption proceeds = Number of units to be redeemed × redemption price
= 1,000 × $1.00
= $1,000
Net redemption proceeds paid out to Policyholder
= Gross redemption proceeds – Partial Withdrawal Charge
= $1,000 – $70
= $930
**The actual issue price of Units will fluctuate according to the net asset value of the Units.
The above example is for illustrative purposes only.
10. SOFT DOLLAR COMMISSIONS OR ARRANGEMENT
We do not receive any soft dollar commissions in respect of the underlying fund(s).
11. CONFLICTS OF INTEREST
We do not have any conflict of interest which may exist or arise in relation to the underlying fund(s) and its
management.
12. REPORTS
Policyholders can also find out more on each of the ILP Sub-Fund in the semi-annual and annual fund
reports*. The semi-annual reports and annual fund reports* of each of the ILP Sub-Fund, will be made
available to Policyholders within 2 months and 3 months respectively from the last date of the period to
which the reports relate. The financial year-end of the ILP Sub-Funds is 31 December.
These reports are available on our website at www.hsbclife.com.sg. We will, at the Policyholder’s request,
provide printed versions of the latest semi-annual reports and annual reports*.
(*Unless applicable regulations or guidelines provide otherwise, annual reports in respect of the ILP Sub-
Funds will be audited annual reports.)
13. OTHER MATERIAL INFORMATION
13.1. Tax Considerations
Prospective Policyholders should consult their own professional Financial Planners as to the
implications of buying, holding or disposing of Units and to the provisions of the laws of the jurisdiction
in which they are subject to tax.
December 2025 Page 25 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 26

13.2. ILP Sub-Fund Valuation
The ILP Sub-Funds shall be valued on every Dealing Day and subject to the respective underlying fund
manager’s pricing policy. Policyholders and prospective Policyholders may contact Us or Our
authorised Financial Planners for details on the valuation of the ILP Sub-Funds.
14. POLICY MATURITY
If not previously terminated under the provisions of this Policy, this Policy will mature and terminate on the
Policy Anniversary occurring on or after the Life Assured reaches A ge 99 nearest birthday (the “Maturity
Date”).
The Maturity Benefit will be 100% of the Total Account Value based on the Unit Prices as at the Dealing Day
on or immediately following the Maturity Date, less any Indebtedness. Subject to existing laws and
regulations, the Maturity Benefit will be paid in such manner as We may determine.
15. SURRENDER OF THE POLICY
At any time after Commencement Date, You may Surrender this Policy to Us in exchange for the Surrender
Value of Your valid written Application in the form specified by Us and subject to the receipt by the
Company.
For the purpose of determining the Surrender Value, the Account Value is calculated by reference to the
respective Unit Prices of the relevant Investment Options on the Dealing Days on which outstanding Units
allocated to this Policy are cancelled from this Policy. Any outstanding Policy Charges and, in the case of
Surrender of this Policy (other than on the death or Terminal Illness of the Life Assured) during the MIP, the
EEC will be deducted from such Account Value.
The Units will be cancelled on the Dealing Days of the relevant Investment Options as soon as practicable
following the date on which Our approval of the Surrender is accepted and approved by Us. Fees or charges
imposed by the Company in respect of the Investment Options on the cancellation of Units (if any) will be
deducted from the Surrender Value.
Subject to the Suspension of Dealings and Limitation provision and the frequency of the Dealing Day of the
ILP Sub-Fund, the Surrender Value will normally be payable not more than thirty (30) days after the receipt
of Your valid written Application and this Policy contract by Us.
No interest will be paid for the period between the date the Units are cancelled and the date of payment of
the Surrender Value.
16. LAPSATION OF POLICY
This Policy will lapse if:
(i) During the ICP, the Regular Premium remains outstanding after the Grace Period; or
(ii) After the ICP until the end of the MIP, the Total Account Value is insufficient to cover the relevant Policy
Charges after the Grace Period; or
(iii) The Premium Holiday Period is exceeded and the Regular Premium remains outstanding after the
Grace Period.
The Policy Total Account Value (if any), less EEC (if applicable) and Indebtedness (if any) will be payable.
December 2025 Page 26 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 27

Policyholder will be notified that the Policy has lapsed. Should a claim arise during the Lapsation period,
no Benefits will be payable.
17. TERMINATION OF POLICY
This Policy will terminate immediately upon the occurrence of any of the following, whichever is the earliest,
and Policyholder will be notified:
(a) On the Maturity Date of this Policy;
(b) Upon the full payment of the Death Benefit;
(c) Upon the full advancement of the Death Benefit as a result of a Terminal Illness Benefit payment;
(d) Upon Surrender of the Policy by the Policyholder;
(e) The remaining Account Value falls below the Minimum Account Balance as a result of a withdrawal;
(f) At any point in time during the Policy term, the Total Account Value is insufficient to cover the
relevant Policy Charges
(g) Two (2) years after the date of Lapsation if the Policy is not reinstated;
(h) Premium Holiday taken during the first 4/5 years depending on selected MIP;
(i) Exceeding the allowed total aggregate of 84 months Premium Holiday during MIP;
(j) On the occasion of any other reason which may result in the termination of the Policy as set out in
the Policy contract.
We may terminate this Policy at any time if in Our opinion Your ownership of this Policy is likely to impose
any regulatory or tax obligation on Us that We would not otherwise be subject to. On Termination,
Policyholder will be entitled to receive the Surrender Value of this Policy (if any) or, if applicable, the Death
Benefit will be paid. Once terminated, this Policy is no longer in force and Our obligations to You shall cease
immediately.
18. REINSTATEMENT OF POLICY
The Policyholder may apply to reinstate this Policy if this Policy is no longer in force because it is lapsed
according to the Lapsation provision.
Requirements to Reinstatement include, but not limited to, the following:
1) The Policyholder must apply for Reinstatement within two (2) years from the date of Lapsation of this
Policy; and
2) The Policyholder pays the Company:
a) the Surrender Value amount that is previously paid to the Policyholder upon Lapsation of the
Policy,
b) the Regular Premium amount(s) that have been missed during the Lapsation of the Policy,
c) the next Regular Premium due,
d) any amount the Policyholder may owe the Company and/or any amount to cover the costs
associated with the Reinstatement (if any) as determined by the Company in its absolute discretion
from time to time; and
3) The amount payable will follow the Policy Currency; and
4) The Life Assured must be less than Age 80.
For the purpose of calculating the reinstated Total Account Value, We will add the EEC (if any) due to the
Lapsation of the Policy, before deducting the missed Policy Charges (including AMF and IMF as applicable)
during the period the Policy is lapsed.
December 2025 Page 27 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 28

The Units to be allocated to the respective Account will be calculated based on the prevailing Unit Price on
the Dealing Day(s) of the relevant Investment Option(s) as soon as practicable following the date of Our
approval of such Reinstatement.
Reinstatement is subject to Our approval and may be on different terms from those applicable before
Lapsation. We reserve the right not to reinstate the Policy if the Total Account Value at the point of
Reinstatement falls below the Minimum Account Balance.
You are not allowed to reinstate Your Policy if You have surrendered for the Surrender Value.
19. SUICIDE CLAIM
If the Life Assured dies by suicide within one (1) year from the Date of Issue or the most recent date of
Reinstatement of this Policy, the amount payable will be limited to (i) the total Premium paid or (ii) the
aggregate of total Policy Charges paid (including those Policy Charges attributable to the Start-Up Bonus
paid) and such proportion of the Account Value as attributable to the total Premium paid, whichever is
lower.
For the avoidance of doubt, any part of the Account Value attributable to the Start-up Bonus will not be paid
and the proceeds from the Death Benefit will be payable without interest.
Your Policy will terminate upon payment of the above amount.
20. FREE -LOOK PERIOD
We will give You a period of fourteen (14) days from the date You receive this Policy (“Free - Look Period”) to
review it. If Your Policy is delivered by post or email, it is considered to have been received by You seven (7)
days from the date of posting or the date the email is sent. If You decide to cancel this Policy, You must write
to Us and return the Policy documents within the Free-Look Period. We will refund the Premium paid less
any medical fees and other expenses such as payments for medical check-ups and medical reports incurred
in processing Your Application.
a) If a Regular Premium has been paid and You choose to cancel this Policy within the Free-Look Period,
We will refund the amount up to the Regular Premium You have paid for this Policy and without interest:
(i) the Policy Value accrued to this Policy on the next Dealing Day after the Dealing Day on which
We receive the request for cancellation of this Policy from You, including the administration
fee, Insurance Charge (if applicable), and any other unallocated portion of the Premium
excluding the bonus Units (if any) allocated for large sums invested;
(ii) less any medical expenses incurred by Us in processing Your Application after adding back the
premium charge.
b) If a Top-Up Premium has been paid and You choose to cancel this Policy within the Free Look Period,
We will treat this as an Application for Surrender of Units for the Top-Up Premium. We will refund the
Policy Value accrued to this Policy calculated by deducting:
(i) the bonus Units (if any) allocated for large sums invested; and
(ii) any medical expenses incurred by Us in processing Your Application after adding back the
premium charge.
December 2025 Page 28 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 29

21. POLICY CURRENCY
All amounts payable to and due from the Company will be calculated and made in the Policy Currency,
subject to Our right to do any or all of the following:
(1) not to pay in the Policy Currency when making payment to any particular country or jurisdiction
and to substitute payment in another currency where in Our sole discretion We consider such
payment in that other currency to be in the interests of the owner or payee of the money;
(2) suspend payments in any currency when We consider that currency to be volatile or if exchange
control has been imposed, making payment in that currency impractical;
(3) decide on the substitute currency to adopt when We exercise Our rights under paragraphs (1) and
(2) above;
(4) accept payment of any Premium or repayment of amounts on any Reinstatement of this Policy in a
currency other than the Policy Currency;
(5) at the request of the persons entitled to receive the same, make payment of any amounts payable
under this Policy in a currency other than the Policy Currency;
and for such purposes We may apply such rates of conversion between currencies as We deem
appropriate in the circumstances.
The Policy Currency cannot be changed after this Policy is issued.
22. OTHER IMPORTANT NOTES
● In order to provide the Benefits, We may review and supplement or amend certain clauses of Your Policy.
These include amendments to:
(i) Policy related fees and charges;
(ii) the ILP sub-fund(s) and its charges;
(iii) fund switches and its charges;
(iv) cut-off time in respect of any Dealing Day;
(v) the limits for withdrawal amount, holding amount and payout amount;
(vi) termination of withdrawal facility or options; and
(vii) the minimum amount for Regular Premium and Recurring Single Premium, where applicable.
We may make changes to the Policy if it is reasonably necessary to:
(i) give effect to:
a) applicable laws, rules, regulations; or
b) a change, recommendation, order, requirement, notice, direction, code, circular or guidance
issued by any regulatory, supervisory, governmental, statutory authority, industry association,
self-regulatory, or resolution body having jurisdiction over Us or a court of competent
jurisdiction; or
(ii) reflect changes to or alignment with:
a) the operational costs, business operations or practices, systems and processes;
b) the industry or prevailing market conditions or practices;
c) the ILP sub-fund(s); or
d) Our agreement or arrangement with third-party service providers (including but not limited to
fund managers).
December 2025 Page 29 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 30

To the extent reasonably practicable, We will provide Y ou at least 30 days’ advance notice in writing
before such change takes effect, unless otherwise stated.
If You do not agree with a change, You may, to the extent applicable:
(i) withdraw the units;
(ii) switch ILP sub-fund(s);
(iii) terminate the Policy; or
(iv) change the coverage of Your Policy.
• This Policy is protected under the Policy Owners’ Protection Scheme which is administered by the
Singapore Deposit Insurance Corporation (SDIC). Coverage for Your Policy is automatic and no further
action is required from You. For more information on the types of benefits that are covered under the
scheme as well as the limits of coverage, where applicable, please contact Us or visit the LIA or SDIC web-
sites (www.lia.org.sg or www.sdic.org.sg).
December 2025 Page 30 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg

# Page 31

APPENDIX A: EEC RATES TABLE
MIP
Policy Year
25 30
1 100% 100%
2 94% 99%
3 93% 98%
4 92% 97%
5 91% 96%
6 90% 95%
7 89% 94%
8 88% 93%
9 86% 92%
10 82% 91%
11 78% 90%
12 74% 89%
13 70% 75%
14 65% 68%
15 56% 58%
16 47% 48%
17 39% 40%
18 31% 32%
19 25% 26%
20 23% 24%
21 20% 22%
22 18% 20%
23 15% 19%
24 12% 18%
25 8% 17%
26 0% 16%
27 0% 15%
28 0% 13%
29 0% 10%
30 0% 8%
31 0% 0%
December 2025 Page 31 of 31
This document is issued by HSBC Life (Singapore) Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 199903512M) E. & OE
10 Marina Boulevard, Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2 #48-01, Singapore 018983. www.hsbclife.com.sg
Customer Care Hotline: +65 6880 4888 Email: e-surance@hsbc.com.sg