# Page 1

PRODUCT SUMMARY − Wealth Max (II)
In this Product Summary, “ we, “ us ”, “ our ” refer to Tokio Marine Life Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd.
Plan Description
Wealth Max (II) is a non-participating, whole life, regular premium investment-linked insurance policy that gives
you the flexibility to customise an investment plan that adapts to your changing needs.
The plan allows you to customise to your unique needs. You have the flexibility to choose your preferred premium
amount to meet your financial goals.
In addition, the plan makes your investment work harder to accumulate your wealth as quickly and as easy as
possible in the following manner:
a) The plan kick starts your investment with an initial bonus;
b) The plan accelerates your investment further with performance investment bonus, loyalty bonus and
power-up bonus to boost your investment.
The plan also allows you to take control of your investment portfolio from a wide range of curate funds, and
manage the dividend distribution or reinvest them to grow your investment.
You can choose to protect your investment against market downturns with capital guarantee upon death during
1
minimum investment period under Advanced Death Benefit or up to age 99 with Life Benefit Rider, cover multiple
lives, and access to a range of optional protection riders for added protection against unfortunate events. Further,
in the event of involuntary retrenchment or hospitalisation, you can also make a penalty-free withdrawal from
your policy up to a limit, reduce your premium and/or take a break from premium paying without penalty up to
12 months.
You can also choose to transfer your wealth down to future generations with the life replacement option. It also
provides you with the flexibility to withdraw from the policy and increase your investment any time after 1 year
via top-up premium or recurring single premium.
1
Life Benefit Rider is an optional unit-deducting rider which extends your capital guarantee upon death to before
th
the policy anniversary immediately after the 99 birthday of the life assured.
Plan Benefit
Death Benefit
If the life assured dies while the policy is in force, we will pay the death benefit according to the death benefit
option you have selected and you cannot change the death benefit option after the policy is issued:
2
(i) Basic Death Benefit: 101% of Account value plus 100% of Top-up Units Account value less indebtedness; or
(ii) Advanced Death Benefit:
During minimum investment period, higher of:
*%UWI22*
(a) 101% of Account value; or
Product Summary (b) 100% of Net Premium^
Plus 100% of Top-up Units Account value less indebtedness, will be payable.
After minimum investment period, 101% of Account value plus 100% of Top-up Units Account value less
indebtedness will be payable.
(iii) Advanced Death Benefit with Life Benefit Rider:
th
During minimum investment period and before the policy anniversary immediately after the 99 birthday of
3
the life assured, higher of:
(a) 101% of Account value; or
(b) 100% of Net Premium^
Plus 100% of Top-up Units Account value less indebtedness, will be payable.
E & O E
UMB
UNZV, UNZW, UNZX Page 1 of 20 05/11/2025
UNAF
Tokio Marine Life Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 194800055D)
20 McCallum Street, #07-01 Tokio Marine Centre, Singapore 069046 Tel: 6592 6100 Fax: 6223 9120 www.tokiomarine.com
st
Unit 2, 1 Floor, Blk D, Abdul Razak Complex, Gadong, Bandar Seri Begawan BE4119, Brunei Darussalam Tel: 02-423 755 Fax: 02-423 754

# Page 2

th
On or after the policy anniversary immediately after the 99 birthday of the life assured, 101% of Account
value plus 100% of Top-up Units Account value less indebtedness will be payable.
For avoidance of doubt, if the Life Benefit Rider is terminated before the end of the rider coverage term, we
will pay the death benefit according to death option (ii) Advanced Death Benefit.
For policies that have more than one (1) life assured, death benefit will be paid only in the event of the death of
the last life assured covered under the policy. A monthly protection charge will be levied if the Advanced Death
Benefit or Advanced Death Benefit with Life Benefit Rider is selected by you.
2
Account value refers to Initial Units Account value and Accumulation Units Account value.
3
For policies that have more than one (1) life assured, the rider terminates on the policy anniversary immediately
th
after the 99 birthday of the youngest life assured.
^Net Premium is the sum of Regular Premium, less all amounts withdrawn from Initial Units Account and
Accumulation Units Account.
Initial Bonus
st
While the policy is in force, an initial bonus will be paid in the first (1) policy year upon receipt of each regular
premium to boost your investment.
Initial bonus will be paid in accordance with the formula:
Initial Bonus = Applicable Initial Bonus rate × Each regular premium received
The applicable initial bonus rates (inclusive of the additional first year welcome bonus) on a per annum basis
depends on the annualised regular premium band, as per the tables below:
Annualised Annualised Regular Premium
Regular SGD AUD GBP USD EUR
Premium ($) ($) (£) ($) (€)
Band
1 <12,000 <12,573 <7,239 <7,938 <8,691
12,000 12,573 7,239 7,938 8,691
2
to <24,000 to <25,143 to <14,478 to <15,876 to <17,382
24,000 25,143 14,478 15,876 17,382
3
to <36,000 to <37,716 to <21,717 to <23,811 to <26,073
36,000 37,716 21,717 23,811 26,073
4
to <48,000 to <50,286 to <28,953 to <31,749 to <34,764
5 >=48,000 >=50,286 >=28,953 >=31,749 >=34,764
Annualised Regular Initial Bonus Rate
Premium Band
1 33%
2 52%
3 53%
4 59%
5 60%
E & O E
UMB
UNZV, UNZW, UNZX Page 2 of 20 05/11/2025
UNAF
Tokio Marine Life Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 194800055D)
20 McCallum Street, #07-01 Tokio Marine Centre, Singapore 069046 Tel: 6592 6100 Fax: 6223 9120 www.tokiomarine.com
st
Unit 2, 1 Floor, Blk D, Abdul Razak Complex, Gadong, Bandar Seri Begawan BE4119, Brunei Darussalam Tel: 02-423 755 Fax: 02-423 754

# Page 3

The initial bonus will be allocated to the policy in the form of additional units to the Initial Units Account in
accordance with your latest investment allocation instructions. The additional units will be purchased at the unit
price on the next pricing day following the day the initial bonus is payable.
Performance Investment Bonus
While the policy is in-force, an annual performance investment bonus will be paid at the end of each policy year,
th
starting from the end of the fourth (4) policy year until the end of minimum investment period.
The performance investment bonus will be calculated in accordance with the formula below:
Performance Accumulation Units Account
= 1.70% x
Investment Bonus value
The performance investment bonus will be allocated to the policy in the form of additional units to the
Accumulation Units Account in accordance with your latest investment allocation instructions. We will calculate
the amount of performance investment bonus to be allocated to the policy based on the Accumulation Units
Account value at the prevailing unit price on the policy anniversary. The additional units will be purchased at the
unit price on the next pricing day following the policy anniversary.
Loyalty Bonus
While the policy is in-force, an annual loyalty bonus will be paid at the end of each policy year, starting from the
th th
sixteenth (16) policy year until the twenty-eighth (28 ) policy year.
The loyalty bonus will be paid in accordance with the formula below:
Loyalty Bonus = 1.20% x Accumulation Units Account value
The loyalty bonus will be allocated to the policy in the form of additional units to the Accumulation Units Account
in accordance with your latest investment allocation instructions. We will calculate the amount of loyalty bonus
to be allocated to the policy based on the Accumulation Units Account value at the prevailing unit price on the
policy anniversary. The additional units will be purchased at the unit price on the next pricing day following the
policy anniversary.
Power-up Bonus
While the policy is in-force, an annual power-up bonus will be paid at the end of each policy year, starting from
th
the sixteenth (16) policy year.
The power-up bonus will be paid in accordance with the formula below:
Power-up Bonus = 0.30% x Initial Units Account value
The power-up bonus will be allocated to the policy in the form of additional units to the Initial Units Account in
accordance with your latest investment allocation instructions. We will calculate the amount of power-up bonus
to be allocated to the policy based on the Initial Units Account value at the prevailing unit price on the policy
anniversary. The additional units will be purchased at the unit price on the next pricing day following the policy
anniversary.
E & O E
UMB
UNZV, UNZW, UNZX Page 3 of 20 05/11/2025
UNAF
Tokio Marine Life Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 194800055D)
20 McCallum Street, #07-01 Tokio Marine Centre, Singapore 069046 Tel: 6592 6100 Fax: 6223 9120 www.tokiomarine.com
st
Unit 2, 1 Floor, Blk D, Abdul Razak Complex, Gadong, Bandar Seri Begawan BE4119, Brunei Darussalam Tel: 02-423 755 Fax: 02-423 754

# Page 4

Involuntary Unemployment & Hospitalisation Benefit
After the first three (3) policy years and until the end of minimum investment period, you may request for waiver
of partial withdrawal charge and/or premium shortfall charge within 90 days from the occurrence of the following
events:
4
(i) the life assured is confined in a hospital for at least five (5) consecutive days in one (1) admission; or
5
(ii) the assured is retrenched and remain unemployed for at least 30 consecutive days before reaching Age 65.
Subject to our approval, a waiver of partial withdrawal charge will grant you the option to apply a partial
withdrawal from the Accumulation Units Account up to 15% of the prevailing Accumulation Units Account value
without incurring partial withdrawal charge. Such partial withdrawal made will not reduce the allowable partial
withdrawal amount limit.
Subject to our approval, a waiver of premium shortfall charge will grant you the option to not pay regular premium
or reduce the regular premium for up to twelve (12) months without incurring premium shortfall charge.
We will grant the involuntary unemployment & hospitalisation benefit up to a maximum of 3 times per lifetime.
The involuntary unemployment & hospitalisation benefit shall automatically cease after the end of minimum
investment period.
4
If there is more than one life assured in the Policy, the benefit shall only cover the first life assured as named
in the Policy Contract.
5
If there is more than one assured in the Policy, the benefit shall only cover the first assured as named in the
Policy Contract.
Life Replacement Option / Change of Life Assured
Life Replacement Option is also known as “Change of Life Assured” and such terms are used interchangeably.
While the policy is in force, you may request to add a life assured, remove a life assured or change the life assured
(“ New Life Assured ”), subject to the following conditions at the point of application:
(i) the new life assured is of a minimum age of one (1) month;
(ii) at the next policy anniversary, the sum of (i) the age next birthday for the New Life Assured and (ii) the
remaining minimum investment period, must not exceed 75 years. This condition will not be applicable if the
application was made after minimum investment period;
(iii) proof of insurable interest on the New Life Assured at the point of application; and
(iv) upon the change of life assured, the monthly protection charge for the Advanced Death Benefit or Advanced
Death Benefit with Life Benefit Rider (if applicable) will be adjusted based on the age and sex of the oldest
life assured in the policy as of the effective date of such change.
Notes: We reserve the right to vary the following, by giving you minimum written notice as prescribed under
applicable regulations, or otherwise thirty (30) days written notice:
(i) any bonus rate under the initial bonus, performance investment bonus, loyalty bonus and power-up bonus
sections;
(ii) the number of times a waiver of partial withdrawal charge and/or premium shortfall charge may be granted
under the involuntary unemployment & hospitalisation benefit; and
(iii) the number of times a change of life assured may be exercised under the life replacement option.
Subscription of Units
Regular Premium
Regular premium are payable throughout the policy term.
The plan has a minimum investment period of 15 years whereby:
E & O E
UMB
UNZV, UNZW, UNZX Page 4 of 20 05/11/2025
UNAF
Tokio Marine Life Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 194800055D)
20 McCallum Street, #07-01 Tokio Marine Centre, Singapore 069046 Tel: 6592 6100 Fax: 6223 9120 www.tokiomarine.com
st
Unit 2, 1 Floor, Blk D, Abdul Razak Complex, Gadong, Bandar Seri Begawan BE4119, Brunei Darussalam Tel: 02-423 755 Fax: 02-423 754

# Page 5

(a) premium shortfall charge applies if you reduce and/or miss any regular premium during policy year 4 to 8,
unless the involuntary unemployment & hospitalisation benefit has been exercised;
(b) partial withdrawal charge applies if you perform any partial withdrawal from your policy during this period,
unless the involuntary unemployment & hospitalisation benefit has been exercised; and
(c) surrender charge applies if you fully surrender the policy.
The minimum amount of each regular premium (“ Minimum Regular Premium ”) payable for each premium mode
is set out below, which will be determined by us from time to time at our discretion:
Minimum Regular Premium
Premium Mode SGD USD GBP AUD EUR
($) ($) (£) ($) €
Annual 3,600 2,400 2,280 3,840 2,640
Half-Yearly 1,800 1,200 1,140 1,920 1,320
Quarterly 900 600 570 960 660
Monthly 300 200 190 320 220
100% of the regular premium paid will be used to purchase units in accordance with your latest investment
allocation instructions for the policy.
Initial Units Account: Regular premium due during the first 36 months of the policy from the commencement date
and any regular premium paid after the minimum investment period will be used to purchase units and allocated
to this account.
th
Accumulation Units Account: Regular premium due from the 37 month of the commencement date until the end
of minimum investment period will be used to purchase units and allocated to this account.
For initial regular premium required for issuance of the policy, we will use the unit price on the next pricing day
following the date we issue the policy. For any subsequent regular premium, we will use the unit price on the next
pricing day following the premium due date. For all premiums due but not received by the premium due date, we
will use the unit price on the next pricing day following the receipt of the premiums.
Reduction in Regular Premium
You may apply to reduce the regular premium amount payable, after the first three (3) policy years, subject to
the following conditions:
(i) Minimum Regular Premium; and
(ii) minimum regular premium reduction amount.
The minimum regular premium reduction amount will be determined by us from time to time.
If recurring single premium is being paid concurrently with regular premium, the recurring single premium will be
reduced first before reducing the regular premium.
When there is any reduction in regular premium amount payable during the policy year 4 to policy year 8
(“P remium Shortfall Charge Period ”), premium shortfall charge will be imposed.
In the event of reduction in regular premium, the Initial Units Account value and/or Accumulation Units
Account value may be reduced as there is less regular premium being invested and the performance
investment bonus, loyalty bonus and power-up bonus may also be reduced. This may lead to a lower death
benefit or surrender value. All fees and charges as set out in Fees and Charges section below will continue to
be deducted. If the policy value is at any time insufficient to pay any of the fees and charges, the policy will
terminate.
Increase in Regular Premium
This option is only applicable if you have previously reduced your regular premium.
You may send us a written request to increase your regular premium. The revised annualised regular premium
amount after the increase cannot be more than what it was at commencement date.
The minimum increase in regular premium amount will be determined by us from time to time.
E & O E
UMB
UNZV, UNZW, UNZX Page 5 of 20 05/11/2025
UNAF
Tokio Marine Life Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 194800055D)
20 McCallum Street, #07-01 Tokio Marine Centre, Singapore 069046 Tel: 6592 6100 Fax: 6223 9120 www.tokiomarine.com
st
Unit 2, 1 Floor, Blk D, Abdul Razak Complex, Gadong, Bandar Seri Begawan BE4119, Brunei Darussalam Tel: 02-423 755 Fax: 02-423 754

# Page 6

Recurring Single Premium
You may apply to pay recurring single premium at any time after one (1) year from the commencement date. The
premium mode and method of payment must follow that of the regular premium.
The minimum amount for each recurring single premium payable for each premium mode is set out below, which
will be determined by us from time to time at our discretion:
Minimum Recurring Single Premium
Premium Mode
(in the Policy Currency)
Annual $600
Half-yearly $300
Quarterly $150
Monthly $50
Top-up Units Account: 100% of each recurring single premium paid net of premium charge will be used to purchase
units and allocated to this account in accordance with your latest investment allocation instructions of the policy
and at the unit price on the next pricing day following the date of our:
(i) acceptance of your application to pay a recurring single premium; or
(ii) the premium due date,
whichever is later.
For all recurring single premium due but not received by the premium due date, we will use the unit price on the
next pricing day following the receipt of the premiums.
You may notify us in writing should you decide to reduce or increase your recurring single premium or stop paying
recurring single premium. Reduction or increase in recurring single premium amount will be subject to the
following conditions:
(i) the minimum recurring single premium; and
(ii) the minimum increase/ reduction in recurring single premium amount.
The minimum increase/ reduction in recurring single premium amount will be determined by us from time to time.
If there is any non-payment of regular premium, you may be allowed to resume paying recurring single premium
only if the regular premium payment has resumed and the annualised regular premium amount is equivalent to
what it was at commencement date.
Top-up Premiums
You may apply to pay top-up premium at any time after one (1) year from the commencement date.
The minimum amount for each top-up premium is $1,000, which will be determined by us from time to time at
our discretion.
Top-up Units Account: 100% of top-up premium paid net of premium charge will be used to purchase units and
allocated to this account in accordance with your investment allocation instructions and at the unit price on the
next pricing day following the date of our:
(i) acceptance of your application to pay a top-up premium; or
(ii) receipt of the top-up premium,
whichever is later.
Non-payment of Regular Premium
The non-payment of any regular premium during the first three (3) policy years will result in this policy being
terminated automatically at the expiry of the grace period. In such event, we will pay the Top-up Units Account
value (if any) to you.
If there is non-payment of any regular premium after the first three (3) policy years as at the expiry of the grace
period:
E & O E
UMB
UNZV, UNZW, UNZX Page 6 of 20 05/11/2025
UNAF
Tokio Marine Life Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 194800055D)
20 McCallum Street, #07-01 Tokio Marine Centre, Singapore 069046 Tel: 6592 6100 Fax: 6223 9120 www.tokiomarine.com
st
Unit 2, 1 Floor, Blk D, Abdul Razak Complex, Gadong, Bandar Seri Begawan BE4119, Brunei Darussalam Tel: 02-423 755 Fax: 02-423 754

# Page 7

(i) A premium shortfall charge will be levied monthly during the premium shortfall charge period unless the
involuntary unemployment & hospitalisation benefit has been exercised.
(ii) The Initial Units Account value and/or Accumulation Units Account value may be reduced as there is no
new regular premium being invested and the performance investment bonus, loyalty bonus and power-
up bonus may also be reduced. This may lead to a lower death benefit or surrender value.
(iii) All fees and charges set out in the Fees and Charges section below will continue to be deducted. If the
policy value is sufficient to pay for all applicable fees and charges as set out in Fees and Charges section
below, this policy will remain in force but shall be deemed to be on premium holiday status as long as
the regular premium remains unpaid. If the policy value is at any time insufficient to pay for any fees
and charges as set out in Fees and Charges section below, this policy will terminate.
(iv) Any premium-paying rider, if allowed, shall be converted into a unit-deducting rider and the premiums
required will be adjusted with a factor as determined by Us and to be payable on a monthly basis through
unit deduction from the policy value. If this arrangement is not allowed for by the rider, the premium-
paying rider will be terminated with effect from the expiry of the grace period.
(v) All unit-deducting riders (if any) shall remain intact as long as the policy remains in force and there is
sufficient policy value for unit deduction. Otherwise, all unit-deducting riders will terminate.
Redemption of Units
Partial Withdrawal
th
You may request for a partial withdrawal of policy value from the fourth (4) policy year onwards while the policy
is in force provided the minimum amount to be withdrawn is at least $500 (in the policy currency) per transaction
or any other amount as determined by us from time to time.
You may apply to withdraw part of the policy value by specifying the fund(s) to be deducted with the following
conditions:
(i) During minimum investment period, you may apply to partially withdraw from the Accumulation Units Account
and/ or Top-up Units Account, provided that (a) the remaining value of units of the selected fund to be
withdrawn from must not be less than the minimum amount determined by us from time to time, otherwise
all units in that fund must be fully withdrawn, (b) the remaining policy value must be at least $3,000 (in the
policy currency) or any other amount as determined by us from time to time (“ Minimum Account Value ”) and
(c) any withdrawals from the Accumulation Units Account must not exceed the allowable partial withdrawal
amount limit in the table below.
Policy Year Allowable Partial Withdrawal Amount Limit
1 to 5 Not Applicable
6 30% of Accumulation Units Account value less any past
withdrawals from the Accumulation Units Account
7 40% of Accumulation Units Account value less any past
withdrawals from the Accumulation Units Account
8 to 15 50% of Accumulation Units Account value less any past
withdrawals from the Accumulation Units Account
(ii) After the minimum investment period, you may apply to partially withdraw from the Initial Units Account,
Accumulation Units Account and/ or Top-up Units Account provided that (a) the remaining value of units of
the selected fund to be withdrawn from must not be less than the minimum amount determined by us from
time to time at our discretion, otherwise all units in that fund must be fully withdrawn, and (b) the remaining
policy value must be at least the Minimum Account Value.
A partial withdrawal charge will be imposed on each partial withdrawal request from the Accumulation Units
Account during the minimum investment period. The partial withdrawal amount requested net of the partial
withdrawal charge will be paid.
E & O E
UMB
UNZV, UNZW, UNZX Page 7 of 20 05/11/2025
UNAF
Tokio Marine Life Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 194800055D)
20 McCallum Street, #07-01 Tokio Marine Centre, Singapore 069046 Tel: 6592 6100 Fax: 6223 9120 www.tokiomarine.com
st
Unit 2, 1 Floor, Blk D, Abdul Razak Complex, Gadong, Bandar Seri Begawan BE4119, Brunei Darussalam Tel: 02-423 755 Fax: 02-423 754

# Page 8

We will calculate the number of units to be deducted equivalent in value to the partial withdrawal amount
requested based on the prevailing unit price on the date we accept your partial withdrawal request. The units will
then be sold at the unit price on the next pricing day. Due to market fluctuation, the unit price at which the units
are sold may differ from the unit price used to calculate the partial withdrawal amount requested. As such, the
actual proceeds derived from the redemption may be different from the partial withdrawal amount requested.
The proceeds derived from the redemption will be in the policy currency.
Any withdrawal of units from Initial Units Account, Accumulation Units Account and/or Top-up Units Account
will reduce the policy value. The performance investment bonus and loyalty bonus may be reduced if units
are withdrawn from Accumulation Units Account. The power-up bonus may be reduced if units are withdrawn
from Initial Units Account. This may lead to a lower death benefit or surrender value. If the policy value is at
any time insufficient to pay any of the fees and charges set out in the Fees and Charges section below, the
policy will terminate.
Regular Withdrawal
You may request to withdraw regularly from the Initial Units Account, Accumulation Units Account and Top-up
Units Account after the minimum investment period while the policy is in force.
You can request to withdraw on an annual, half-yearly, quarterly or monthly basis subject to:
(i) the remaining value of units of the selected fund to be withdrawn from must not be less than the minimum
amount determined by us from time to time, otherwise all units in that fund must be fully withdrawn; and
(ii) the remaining policy value must be at least the Minimum Account Value.
The redemption of units will be transacted at the unit price on the next pricing day. In the event there are any
Pending Transactions, we will execute your application for redemption after completion of the Pending
Transactions and at the unit price of the respective funds on the next pricing day following such completion. All
proceeds derived from the redemption will be in the policy currency.
Regular withdrawal will cease:
(i) upon written request from you; or
(ii) upon termination of the policy.
Any withdrawal of units from Initial Units Account, Accumulation Units Account and/or Top-up Units Account
will reduce the policy value. The loyalty bonus and power-up bonus may be reduced if units are withdrawn
from Accumulation Units Account and Initial Units Account respectively. This may lead to a lower death
benefit or surrender value. If the policy value is at any time insufficient to pay any of the fees and charges
set out in the Fees and Charges section below, the policy will terminate.
Pending Transactions means the transactions as set out in sections “Subscription of Units”, “Redemption of Units”,
“Fund Switch” and “Fees and Charges” in this Product Summary, which are not completed:
(i) as they are in progress; and/or
(ii) due to operational reasons, including but not limited to unit prices of the fund(s) or selected fund(s) not
having been received by us.
Full Surrender
You may request for a full surrender of policy value at any time while the policy is in force. Upon a full surrender
of this policy during minimum investment period, the surrender value (if any) less indebtedness will be paid out.
After minimum investment period, the policy value less indebtedness will be paid out. The policy terminates
thereafter.
Fund Switch
You may switch all or any of the units of one fund (“ Original Fund ”) to another fund (“ Target Fund ”) from time
to time, subject to our prevailing rules and approval.
Units of the selected fund cannot be switched among the Accumulation Units Account and Top-up Units Account.
The minimum amount you can switch out of a fund will be determined by us from time to time.
E & O E
UMB
UNZV, UNZW, UNZX Page 8 of 20 05/11/2025
UNAF
Tokio Marine Life Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 194800055D)
20 McCallum Street, #07-01 Tokio Marine Centre, Singapore 069046 Tel: 6592 6100 Fax: 6223 9120 www.tokiomarine.com
st
Unit 2, 1 Floor, Blk D, Abdul Razak Complex, Gadong, Bandar Seri Begawan BE4119, Brunei Darussalam Tel: 02-423 755 Fax: 02-423 754

# Page 9

After each fund switch;
(i) the remaining value of units in the Original Fund must not be less than the minimum amount determined by
us. If the value of units in the Original Fund before the switch is less than the minimum amount determined
by us, all the units in that Original Fund must be switched out; and
(ii) the value of units in the Target Fund must not be less than the minimum amount as determined by us from
time to time.
If we receive your fund switch request before 3.00 p.m. (Singapore time) on a business day, we will switch-out
units of the Original Fund at the unit price on the next pricing day; otherwise we will use the unit price determined
on the next available pricing day. In the event there are any Pending Transactions, we will execute the switch-out
after completion of the Pending Transactions and at the unit price of the Original Fund on the next pricing day
following such completion. The value of the units of the Original Fund will be converted into the policy currency.
We will switch-in to the Target Fund based on the unit price of the Target Fund on the next pricing day in which
the switch-in is to take effect.
Investment Funds
We offer a suite of funds as set out in the offering fund documents available on our website,
www.tokiomarine.com. We may from time to time change the address of our website without any reference to
you. We may also make available additional funds or remove funds from time to time.
Please refer to the Product Highlights Sheet, Fact Sheet and Fund Summary (“Fund Documents”) of the relevant
ILP sub-funds which form part of this product summary. These Fund Documents can be found on our website.
As the suite of ILP sub-funds offered through this product feeds 100% into the respective underlying funds, details
of the ILP sub-fund such as investment objectives, focus and approach, as well as associated risks are identical to
that of the underlying fund. As such, the prospectus of the respective underlying funds has been provided in place
of the Fund Summary.
The auditor of the ILP sub-funds is PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP.
The financial year-end of the funds is 31 December. A relevant audit report will be prepared and sent to you by
March in the following year. A semi-annual report will be prepared and sent to you by August. The latest semi-
report or relevant audit report is available on our website.
Past performance is not an indication of future performance of the fund. Investments are subjected to investment
and foreign exchange risks, including the possible loss of the principal amount invested.
Dividend Distribution
If you choose to invest in ILP sub-fund(s) that pays dividends and it allows the payment of dividend in the form of
cash, you have the option to either reinvest these dividends or receive payments of these dividends in the form of
cash. You can only be entitled to dividend(s) if you are invested in the relevant ILP sub-fund(s) at the end of its
dividend declaration date (also known as “Record Date”). The dividend, once declared, is payable within 30 days
from the Record Date (“Payment Date”).
If you choose to reinvest dividends and the ILP sub-fund(s) declares any dividend(s) thereafter, we will reinvest
these dividends on your behalf on the next pricing day after Payment Date, and thereby increasing your units in
these ILP sub-fund(s).
If you choose to receive the payment of dividends and the ILP sub-fund(s) declares any dividend(s) thereafter, you
will receive these dividends by the Payment Date. We will only pay these dividends to you if the amount of dividend
you are entitled to is at least $50 in respective ILP sub-fund currency. If the dividend is less than $50, we will
reinvest that particular dividend on your behalf for additional units in the ILP Sub-Fund(s).
If you wish to change the instructions for the distribution option, you may write to inform us at least 30 days
before the Record Date. We will then follow this instruction for the upcoming and subsequent dividend
distributions.
For any transactions (including surrender, full withdrawal and full switch-out) performed after Record Date, or if
the policy lapse after Record Date, you are still entitled to the dividend distribution.
E & O E
UMB
UNZV, UNZW, UNZX Page 9 of 20 05/11/2025
UNAF
Tokio Marine Life Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 194800055D)
20 McCallum Street, #07-01 Tokio Marine Centre, Singapore 069046 Tel: 6592 6100 Fax: 6223 9120 www.tokiomarine.com
st
Unit 2, 1 Floor, Blk D, Abdul Razak Complex, Gadong, Bandar Seri Begawan BE4119, Brunei Darussalam Tel: 02-423 755 Fax: 02-423 754

# Page 10

If the policy is cancelled during the Free-Look Period and before the Payment Date, you will not be entitled to the
dividend distribution.
A dividend statement will be made available to you each time dividend is distributed.
The payment of dividend in the form of cash is subject to the following conditions:
a. During minimum investment period, you may receive the dividend in the form of cash from the units of
dividend fund in Accumulation Units Account and Top-up Units Account. The dividend from the units of
dividend fund in Initial Units Account will automatically be reinvested during minimum investment period.
b. After the minimum investment period, you may receive the dividend in the form of cash from the units of
dividend fund in Initial Units Account, Accumulation Units Account and Top-up Units Account.
For avoidance of doubt, the payment of dividend in the form of cash is not subject to partial withdrawal charge.
Fees and Charges
Initial Setup Charge / Initial Charge
Initial setup charge is also known as “Initial Charge” and such terms are used interchangeably.
During the minimum investment period, an initial setup charge will be deducted monthly in advance on each Policy
Monthiversary* through deduction of units from the Initial Units Account based on the unit price on the next pricing
day following the Policy Monthiversary.
0.50% per annum
Monthly Initial Setup
= x Initial Units Account value x N
Charge
12
where N refers to the policy year of the policy.
We will continue to deduct for the initial setup charge even when there is non-payment of regular premium.
*Policy Monthiversary means the same day as the commencement date in monthly intervals from the
commencement date. If the day of the commencement is not present in a relevant calendar month, the last day
of that calendar month will be treated as the Policy Monthiversary.
Policy Investment Charge/ Policy Charge
Policy investment charge is also known as “Policy Charge” and such terms are used interchangeably.
th
From the 37 policy month, a policy investment charge will be deducted monthly in advance on each Policy
Monthiversary through deduction of units from the Accumulation Units Account based on the unit price on the next
pricing day following the Policy Monthiversary and payable while this policy is in force.
Annualised regular premium
1.20% per annum
Monthly Policy Investment
= x committed at x N
Charge
commencement date 12
where N refers to the policy year of the policy during minimum investment period.
Thereafter, N refers to the minimum investment period.
We will continue to deduct for the policy investment charge even when there is non-payment of regular
premium.
We will calculate the number of units to be deducted from the Accumulation Units Account based on prevailing
unit price on the Policy Monthiversary. The units will then be sold at the unit price of the next pricing day. Due to
market fluctuation, the unit price at which the units are sold may differ from the unit price used to calculate the
policy investment charge payable. As such, the actual policy investment charge amount deducted may be
different.
E & O E
UMB
UNZV, UNZW, UNZX Page 10 of 20 05/11/2025
UNAF
Tokio Marine Life Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 194800055D)
20 McCallum Street, #07-01 Tokio Marine Centre, Singapore 069046 Tel: 6592 6100 Fax: 6223 9120 www.tokiomarine.com
st
Unit 2, 1 Floor, Blk D, Abdul Razak Complex, Gadong, Bandar Seri Begawan BE4119, Brunei Darussalam Tel: 02-423 755 Fax: 02-423 754

# Page 11

Any changes to the policy such as reduction in regular premium, non-payment of regular premium and/ or
withdrawal will not change the policy investment charge amount charged.
If there is insufficient Accumulation Units Account value to deduct the policy investment charge, we will deduct
any outstanding policy investment charge from the Top-up Units Account. If there is insufficient Top-up Units
Account Value to deduct the outstanding policy investment charge, the remaining amount will be deducted from
the Initial Units Account. The policy will terminate when there is insufficient policy value to deduct any
outstanding policy investment charge.
Admin Charge
During the minimum investment period, an admin charge will be deducted monthly in advance on each Policy
Monthiversary through deduction of units from the Initial Units Account based on the unit price on the next pricing
day following the Policy Monthiversary.
Annualised regular premium
2.00% per annum
Monthly Admin Charge = x committed at
commencement date 12
We will continue to deduct for the admin charge even when there is non-payment of regular premium.
We will calculate the number of units to be deducted from the Initial Units Account based on prevailing unit price
on the Policy Monthiversary. The units will then be sold at the Unit Price of the next pricing day. Due to market
fluctuation, the unit price at which the units are sold may differ from the unit price used to calculate the admin
charge payable. As such, the actual admin charge amount deducted may be different.
If there is insufficient Initial Units Account value to deduct the admin charge, we will deduct any outstanding
admin charge from the Top-up Units Account. If there is insufficient Top-up Units Account Value to deduct the
outstanding admin charge, the remaining amount will be deducted from the Accumulation Units Account. The
policy will terminate when there is insufficient policy value to deduct any outstanding admin charge.
Monthly Protection Charge (“MPC”)
A MPC will be levied:
a) during the minimum investment period if the Advanced Death Benefit is selected by you; or
th
b) during the minimum investment period and before policy anniversary immediately after the 99 birthday
of the youngest life assured if the Advanced Death Benefit with Life Benefit Rider is selected by you.
The MPC for the first three (3) policy years will be accrued and deducted from the Accumulation Units Account in
th
one lump sum in the fourth (4) policy year.
th
From the fourth (4) policy year, the MPC will be deducted monthly in advance from the Accumulation Units
Account. The MPC will be calculated based on the sum at risk**, using the MPC rates based on the age and sex of
the oldest life assured in the policy on each Policy Monthiversary. If there are two (2) or more life assureds with
the same birth date and of different sex, the MPC rates based on the male will be used. The MPC rates are shown
in the Appendix A – Monthly Rates for Monthly Protection Charges (For Death). The sum at risk is calculated based
on the prevailing unit price on the Policy Monthiversary.
We will calculate the number of units to be deducted from the Accumulation Units Account based on prevailing
unit price on the Policy Monthiversary. The Units will then be sold at the unit price of the next pricing day. Due
to market fluctuation, the Unit Price at which the Units are sold may differ from the Unit Price used to calculate
the MPC payable. As such, the actual MPC amount deducted may be different.
If there is insufficient Accumulation Units Account value to deduct the MPC, we will deduct any outstanding MPC
from the Top-up Units Account. If there is insufficient Top-up Units Account Value to deduct the outstanding MPC,
the remaining amount will be deducted from the Initial Units Account. The policy will terminate when there is
insufficient policy value to deduct any outstanding MPC.
We will continue to deduct for the MPC even when there is non-payment of regular premium.
E & O E
UMB
UNZV, UNZW, UNZX Page 11 of 20 05/11/2025
UNAF
Tokio Marine Life Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 194800055D)
20 McCallum Street, #07-01 Tokio Marine Centre, Singapore 069046 Tel: 6592 6100 Fax: 6223 9120 www.tokiomarine.com
st
Unit 2, 1 Floor, Blk D, Abdul Razak Complex, Gadong, Bandar Seri Begawan BE4119, Brunei Darussalam Tel: 02-423 755 Fax: 02-423 754

# Page 12

The MPC rates are not guaranteed. We reserve the right to revise the rates by giving you such minimum written
notice as prescribed under applicable codes or regulations, or otherwise thirty (30) days written notice.
**Sum at risk for the basic plan is the Net Premium paid converted (where applicable) into the policy currency
using a premium conversion factor as determined by us from time to time at our discretion, less 101% of the
Account value. In the event that 101% of Account value is greater than or equal to Net Premium, sum at risk will
be zero.
Premium Charge for Recurring Single Premium and Top-up Premium
A 5% premium charge will be imposed on each recurring single premium and/or top-up premium. This charge will
be deducted prior to the allocation of the recurring single premium and/or top-up premium to the policy.
Surrender Charge
A surrender charge will be levied upon the surrender on or before the end of the minimum investment period.
The surrender charge is calculated by multiplying the Initial Units Account value by the applicable surrender charge
rate depending on the policy year at the point of surrender.
The surrender charge will be deducted in calculating the surrender value of this policy.
The surrender charge rates are shown in the Appendix A – Surrender Charge.
Partial Withdrawal Charge
A partial withdrawal charge will be levied upon any partial withdrawal from the Accumulation Units Account on
or before the end of the minimum investment period.
The partial withdrawal charge is calculated by multiplying the partial withdrawal amount by the applicable
percentage depending on the policy year at the point of partial withdrawal.
The partial withdrawal amount requested net of the partial withdrawal charge will be paid to you.
The partial withdrawal charge rates are shown in the Appendix A – Partial Withdrawal Charge.
Premium Shortfall Charge
A premium shortfall charge will be levied monthly during Premium Shortfall Charge Period when:
(i) there is non-payment of regular premium at the expiry of the grace period; or
(ii) there is a reduction in annualised regular premium payable by you to an amount lesser than that committed
by you at commencement date.
The premium shortfall charge will be deducted from the Accumulation Units Account monthly in advance.
The premium shortfall charge payable will be calculated in accordance with the following formula:
(i) In the case of non-payment of regular premium at the expiry of the grace period, premium shortfall charge =
OP/12 x SC
(ii) In the case of reduction in regular premium payable, premium shortfall charge = (OP – NP)/12 x SC
Where,
OP = annualised regular premium committed by you at the commencement date.
NP = new annualised regular premium amount payable after reduction.
SC = respective premium shortfall charge percentage for the applicable policy.
In the event that the premium shortfall charge is payable for both non-payment of regular premium and reduction
in regular premium, the higher amount will be imposed.
We will calculate the number of units to be deducted from the Accumulation Units Account value at the prevailing
unit price on the Policy Monthiversary. The units will be sold at the unit price on the next pricing day. Due to
market fluctuation, the unit price at which the Units are sold may differ from the unit price used to calculate the
E & O E
UMB
UNZV, UNZW, UNZX Page 12 of 20 05/11/2025
UNAF
Tokio Marine Life Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 194800055D)
20 McCallum Street, #07-01 Tokio Marine Centre, Singapore 069046 Tel: 6592 6100 Fax: 6223 9120 www.tokiomarine.com
st
Unit 2, 1 Floor, Blk D, Abdul Razak Complex, Gadong, Bandar Seri Begawan BE4119, Brunei Darussalam Tel: 02-423 755 Fax: 02-423 754

# Page 13

premium shortfall charge payable. As such, the actual premium shortfall charge amount deducted may be
different.
If the Accumulation Units Account has insufficient value to deduct any premium shortfall charge due, we will
deduct any outstanding premium shortfall charge from the Top-up Units Account. If there is insufficient Top-up
Units Account Value to deduct the outstanding premium shortfall charge, the remaining amount will be deducted
from the Initial Units Account. The policy will terminate when there is insufficient policy value to deduct any
outstanding premium shortfall charge.
The premium shortfall charge will cease to be levied:
(i) in the case of premium shortfall charge payable for a non-payment of regular premium, you resume payment
of regular premium;
(ii) in the case of premium shortfall charge payable for a reduction in the regular premium amount payable,
when the regular premium is increased up to the annualised regular premium committed at commencement
date; or
(iii) at the end of the Premium Shortfall Charge Period.
The premium shortfall charge rates are shown in the Appendix A – Premium Shortfall Charge.
Credit Card Charge
When premiums are paid by credit card, we will impose a charge of 1.60% on each premium to cover charges
imposed by the issuing company. This charge will be in addition to the premium payable and is waived for the first
premium payment only.
Policy Currency Change Charge
Nil
Fund Management Fee
The fund management fee for each of the funds is set out in the fund documents available on our website.
The fund management fee is already accounted for in the unit price^ and is not an additional charge to the policy.
^Please refer to the attached Investment-Linked Pricing of Units which forms part of this Product Summary for
details.
Switching Fee
There are no charges for fund switch.
Charges Associated with Third Parties
All bank charges associated with the receipt of premiums from you and/or transfer of proceeds to you; as well as
any other charges, including but not limited to fees for currency conversion imposed by third parties, in connection
with any transactions under this policy shall be borne by you.
Notes:
(i) We reserve the right to vary any fees and charges, by giving you such minimum written notice as prescribed
under applicable codes or regulations, or otherwise thirty (30) days written notice.
(ii) If there are any Pending Transactions, we may defer the calculation and deduction of the charges and in the
event of such deferment, we will use the unit price on the next pricing day after completion of the Pending
Transactions.
Free-Look Period
You may cancel your policy by writing to us within 14 days after you have received the policy document. If the
policy document is sent by email or post, it is deemed to have been delivered and received 7 days after the date
of emailing or posting.
If you exercise a free-look cancellation, we will refund the following:
E & O E
UMB
UNZV, UNZW, UNZX Page 13 of 20 05/11/2025
UNAF
Tokio Marine Life Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 194800055D)
20 McCallum Street, #07-01 Tokio Marine Centre, Singapore 069046 Tel: 6592 6100 Fax: 6223 9120 www.tokiomarine.com
st
Unit 2, 1 Floor, Blk D, Abdul Razak Complex, Gadong, Bandar Seri Begawan BE4119, Brunei Darussalam Tel: 02-423 755 Fax: 02-423 754

# Page 14

(i) the part of paid premiums not allocated with units;
(ii) the policy value at the unit price on the next pricing day following the receipt of your written request;
(iii) all fees and charges deducted from the policy; and
(iv) 100% of the premiums paid for premium-paying rider(s) (if any),
less initial bonus paid and expenses, including medical and any other expenses incurred in assessing the risk under
the policy (if any), subject to the total amount of premiums paid (without interest).
Termination
Base Policy
The policy will automatically terminate on the earliest of any of the following:
(i) if the policy is terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the policy;
(ii) the death of the last life assured covered under the policy;
(iii) full surrender of the policy;
(iv) the policy value is insufficient to pay for any fees and charges;
(v) your written request and our acceptance of the application to terminate the policy;
(vi) non-fulfillment of regular premium payment for the first three (3) policy years as at the expiry of the grace
period; or
(vii) any other cause of termination as permitted under or any change of laws or regulatory requirements,
including court orders.
Further, we may at our discretion terminate the policy at any time if such termination is necessary for compliance
with the laws and subsidiary legislation relevant to / the terms of any of the funds or their underlying funds. In
the event that such termination occurs, we will pay to you the value of the units in the policy as if it was a
Surrender pursuant as set out in the “Full Surrender” paragraph under the “Redemption of Units” section.
Life Benefit Rider
The rider will automatically terminate on the earliest of any of the following:
(i) if the rider is terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the policy;
(ii) the coverage expiry date of the rider;
(iii) the death of the last life assured covered under the rider;
(iv) termination of the base policy which the rider is attached to;
(v) the policy value is insufficient to pay for MPC after the minimum investment period and before the policy
th
anniversary immediately after the 99 birthday of the youngest life assured;
(vi) your written request and our acceptance of the application to terminate the rider; or
(vii) any other cause of termination as permitted under or any change of laws or regulatory requirements,
including court orders.
Exclusions
Suicide and Pre-Existing Condition
If the life assured dies by suicide or due to pre-existing condition, whether sane or otherwise, within one (1) year
following the later of:
(i) the issue date of the policy;
(ii) the last reinstatement date of the policy; or
(iii) the effective date of any change of life assured,
We will pay the higher of:
(i) the surrender value (if any) less indebtedness; or
(ii) policy value minus initial bonus paid, and less indebtedness,
determined on the next Pricing Day following the date of notification of death.
If the policy covers multiple life assureds, the above only applies upon the death of the last life assured covered
under the policy.
E & O E
UMB
UNZV, UNZW, UNZX Page 14 of 20 05/11/2025
UNAF
Tokio Marine Life Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 194800055D)
20 McCallum Street, #07-01 Tokio Marine Centre, Singapore 069046 Tel: 6592 6100 Fax: 6223 9120 www.tokiomarine.com
st
Unit 2, 1 Floor, Blk D, Abdul Razak Complex, Gadong, Bandar Seri Begawan BE4119, Brunei Darussalam Tel: 02-423 755 Fax: 02-423 754

# Page 15

Involuntary Unemployment & Hospitalisation Benefit
We will not grant the involuntary unemployment & hospitalisation benefit if the confinement in hospital arises
directly or indirectly, wholly or partly from any of the following:
(i) any self-inflicted injury, provoked assault or attempt at suicide, whether sane or insane;
(ii) the life assured being under the influence of any narcotic, alcohol, gas or fumes, voluntarily taken,
administered, absorbed or inhaled or drugs not prescribed by a medical practitioner;
(iii) infection from any Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV), Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome (AIDS) or any
AIDS-related condition unless the infection arose in accordance with the definition of HIV due to Blood
Transfusion and Occupational Acquired HIV^;
(iv) donation of any of the Life Assured’s organs;
(v) a pre-existing condition;
(vi) overseas medical treatment;
(vii) pregnancy or complications from pregnancy, childbirth, abortion, miscarriage, prenatal or postnatal care,
birth control, sterilisation and treatment or tests pertaining to fertility;
(viii) psychological disorders, personality disorders, mental conditions or behavioural disorders, including any
addiction or dependence arising from these disorders such as gambling or gaming addiction;
(ix) elective cosmetic or plastic surgery for purposes of beautification except constructive surgery to treat
functional defect due to Injury sustained;
(x) treatments for obesity, weight reduction or weight improvement;
(xi) medical or surgical procedures which are experimental in nature or not generally accepted as standard
medical treatment by the medical profession;
(xii) sex-change operations;
(xiii) war or any act related to it, or service in the armed forces or in a civil defense force supporting any country
at war;
(xiv) riot, insurrection, civil commotion, strikes, or terrorist activities except as a victim; or
(xv) injuries arising while engaging in hazardous sports such as speed racing (boat, horse or automobile),
mountaineering or rock climbing necessitating the use of guides or ropes, skiing or any kind including jet-ski,
skating sport, parachuting (unless trying to save human life), ballooning, hang gliding, bungee-jumping, and
underwater activities involving the use of breathing apparatus.
^HIV due to Blood Transfusion and Occupational Acquired HIV means:
(a) Infection with the Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) through a blood transfusion, provided that all
of the following conditions are met:
(i) The blood transfusion was medically necessary or given as part of a medical treatment;
(ii) The blood transfusion was received in Singapore after the Issue Date, date of endorsement or date
of reinstatement of this Policy or Rider, whichever is the later; and
(iii) The source of the infection is established to be from the institution that provided the blood
transfusion and the institution is able to trace the origin of the HIV tainted blood;
(b) Infection with the Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) which resulted from an accident occurring after
the Issue Date, date of endorsement or date of reinstatement of this Policy or Rider, whichever is the
later whilst the Life Assured was carrying out the normal professional duties of his or her occupation in
Singapore, provided that all of the following are proven to our satisfaction:
(i) Proof that the accident involved a definite source of the HIV infected fluids;
(ii) Proof of sero-conversion from HIV negative to HIV positive occurring during the 180 days after the
documented accident. This proof must include a negative HIV antibody test conducted within 5 days
of the accident; and
(iii) HIV infection resulting from any other means including sexual activity and the use of intravenous
drugs is excluded,
Where the occupation of the life assured is a medical practitioner, houseman, medical student, state-
registered nurse, medical laboratory technician, dentist (surgeon and nurse) or paramedical worker, working
in a medical centre or a clinic (in Singapore).
The above will not apply under either section (a) or (b) where a cure has become available prior to the
infection. “ Cure ” means any treatment that renders the HIV inactive or non -infectious.
We will not grant the involuntary unemployment & hospitalisation benefit if:
(i) the date of retrenchment is within 90 days from the issue date, or the last reinstatement date of the policy
(where applicable);
(ii) you are aware of the retrenchment before the issue date, or the last reinstatement date (where applicable);
E & O E
UMB
UNZV, UNZW, UNZX Page 15 of 20 05/11/2025
UNAF
Tokio Marine Life Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 194800055D)
20 McCallum Street, #07-01 Tokio Marine Centre, Singapore 069046 Tel: 6592 6100 Fax: 6223 9120 www.tokiomarine.com
st
Unit 2, 1 Floor, Blk D, Abdul Razak Complex, Gadong, Bandar Seri Begawan BE4119, Brunei Darussalam Tel: 02-423 755 Fax: 02-423 754

# Page 16

(iii) you are self-employed, or are an independent contractor or sole proprietor at the date of retrenchment;
(iv) the employer is your relative;
(v) you or your relative
a. hold a substantial interest; or
b. are in a position to exercise control over the appointment and termination of employees,
in the company, club, corporation, limited liability partnership, society, association or partnership (or such
other similar body whether incorporated or unincorporated) which employs you;
(vi) the retrenchment arises out of your:
a. retirement;
b. resignation;
c. termination or suspension due to willful or deliberate misconduct or unlawful behavior;
d. natural expiry of the employment contract;
e. leave of absence whether paid or unpaid;
f. military discharge; or
g. any voluntary forfeiture of income by you;
(vii) if you suffer from retrenchment after being employed for less than 6 months by your employer.
We will not grant the involuntary unemployment & hospitalization benefit within 90 days following the later of:
a. the effective date of any change of life assured;
b. the last reinstatement date of this policy; or
c. the effective date of any assignment of this policy.
“Relative” means your spouse, parent, sibling, uncle, aunt, nephew, niece, grandparent, child and grandchild or
any other person related by blood or marriage to You or the Life Assured.
“Substantial interest” means to own 5% or more of the equity interest in a body corporate.
Mis-statement of Age / Sex / Smoker Status / Country of Residence
If the date of birth, sex, smoker status and/ or country of residence of the life assured was incorrectly stated in
your proposal form to us, the terms of your policy and the benefits payable will be adjusted as we deem fit having
regard to the correct age, sex, smoker status and/ or country of residence.
General Risks Associated with an Investment in Collective Investment Schemes
Investments in collective investment schemes are subject to market risks, fluctuations in interest rates and foreign
exchange rates, political instability, exchange controls, changes in taxation and foreign investment policies and
other restrictions and controls which may be imposed by the relevant authorities in other countries. Investments
in fixed-income securities are subject to default risks. In addition, investments in Asian and/ or emerging markets
may be subject to volatility and a lack of liquidity.
Investments in collective investment schemes are designed to produce returns over the long-term and are not
suitable for short-term speculation. Investors should not expect to obtain short-term gains from such investment.
Investors should be aware that the price of units in a collective investment scheme and the income of a collective
investment scheme may fall or rise. Holders may not get back their original investment.
Policy Owners’ Protection
This policy is protected under the Policy Owners’ Protection Scheme which is administered by the Singapore
Deposit Insurance Corporation (SDIC). Coverage for your policy is automatic and no further action is required from
you. For more information on the types of benefits that are covered under the scheme as well as the limits of
coverage, where applicable, please contact your insurer or visit the LIA or SDIC web-sites (www.lia.org.sg or
www.sdic.org.sg).
E & O E
UMB
UNZV, UNZW, UNZX Page 16 of 20 05/11/2025
UNAF
Tokio Marine Life Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 194800055D)
20 McCallum Street, #07-01 Tokio Marine Centre, Singapore 069046 Tel: 6592 6100 Fax: 6223 9120 www.tokiomarine.com
st
Unit 2, 1 Floor, Blk D, Abdul Razak Complex, Gadong, Bandar Seri Begawan BE4119, Brunei Darussalam Tel: 02-423 755 Fax: 02-423 754

# Page 17

Important Notes
As buying a life insurance policy is a long-term commitment, an early termination of the policy usually involves
high costs and the surrender value, if any, that is payable to you may be zero or less than the total premiums paid.
We reserve the right to terminate or suspend the top-up premiums, partial withdrawal and fund switch at our
discretion. We shall not be responsible for any losses whatsoever arising from or attributable to our decision to
suspend or terminate these facilities.
Past performance is not an indication of future performance of the fund. Investments are subjected to investment
and foreign exchange risks, including the possible loss of the principal amount invested.
This Product Summary does not form a part of any contract of insurance. It is intended only to be a simplified
description of the product features applicable to this plan and is not exhaustive. The contents of this Product
Summary may vary from the terms of cover eventually issued. Please refer to the Policy Contract for all terms and
conditions, including exclusions whereby the benefits under your policy may not be paid out. You are advised to
read the Policy Contract. For the avoidance of doubt, only the terms and conditions as set out in the Policy
Contract will bind the parties.
----------------------------------------------
E & O E
UMB
UNZV, UNZW, UNZX Page 17 of 20 05/11/2025
UNAF
Tokio Marine Life Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 194800055D)
20 McCallum Street, #07-01 Tokio Marine Centre, Singapore 069046 Tel: 6592 6100 Fax: 6223 9120 www.tokiomarine.com
st
Unit 2, 1 Floor, Blk D, Abdul Razak Complex, Gadong, Bandar Seri Begawan BE4119, Brunei Darussalam Tel: 02-423 755 Fax: 02-423 754

# Page 18

APPENDIX A
Monthly Rates for Monthly Protection Charges (For Death), Per $1,000 Sum at Risk
Age Next Male Female Age Next Male Female
Birthday ($) ($) Birthday ($) ($)
1 0.02590 0.02230 51 0.16850 0.12050
2 0.02590 0.02230 52 0.18760 0.13230
3 0.02590 0.02230 53 0.21050 0.14440
4 0.02590 0.02230 54 0.23660 0.16010
5 0.02590 0.02230 55 0.26440 0.17520
6 0.02590 0.02230 56 0.29620 0.19200
7 0.02590 0.02230 57 0.33270 0.20970
8 0.02590 0.02230 58 0.37390 0.22950
9 0.02590 0.02230 59 0.41840 0.25030
10 0.02590 0.02230 60 0.46790 0.27210
11 0.02590 0.02230 61 0.52410 0.29670
12 0.02590 0.02230 62 0.58530 0.32120
13 0.02590 0.02230 63 0.65650 0.34950
14 0.02590 0.02230 64 0.73910 0.37820
15 0.02590 0.02230 65 0.83720 0.41260
16 0.02750 0.02240 66 0.98750 0.47300
17 0.03500 0.02340 67 1.12550 0.53220
18 0.03860 0.02350 68 1.41090 0.67480
19 0.04130 0.02360 69 1.59730 0.79340
20 0.04320 0.02380 70 1.78740 0.94210
21 0.04510 0.02380 71 2.11970 1.18750
22 0.04610 0.02580 72 2.29590 1.37720
23 0.04700 0.02580 73 2.46590 1.56580
24 0.04800 0.02680 74 2.64930 1.75620
25 0.04900 0.02780 75 2.87290 1.96500
26 0.04990 0.02910 76 2.93620 2.02830
27 0.05090 0.03190 77 2.99690 2.09870
28 0.05180 0.03560 78 3.07300 2.18250
29 0.05280 0.03750 79 3.15320 2.25190
30 0.05380 0.03850 80 3.37510 2.43500
31 0.05450 0.03940 81 3.73750 2.66360
32 0.05550 0.04040 82 4.13700 2.99610
33 0.05640 0.04420 83 4.57920 3.37080
34 0.05740 0.04520 84 5.06580 3.79020
35 0.05840 0.04610 85 5.60180 4.26110
36 0.05990 0.04630 86 6.19280 4.78730
37 0.06100 0.04730 87 6.84270 5.37530
38 0.06220 0.04820 88 7.55510 6.03200
39 0.06410 0.04920 89 8.33870 6.76390
40 0.06550 0.05200 90 9.19740 7.58030
41 0.07430 0.05300 91 10.13680 8.48900
42 0.07750 0.05420 92 11.16400 9.49640
43 0.08350 0.05640 93 12.28480 10.61110
44 0.09000 0.06150 94 13.50510 11.84470
45 0.09790 0.06760 95 14.83210 13.20380
46 0.10540 0.07460 96 16.26910 14.69500
47 0.11440 0.08150 97 17.82300 16.33170
48 0.12590 0.08960 98 19.49860 18.11600
49 0.13820 0.09960 99 21.30840 20.07330
50 0.15310 0.10850
*Same MPC rate for non-smoker & smoker
E & O E
UMB
UNZV, UNZW, UNZX Page 18 of 20 05/11/2025
UNAF
Tokio Marine Life Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 194800055D)
20 McCallum Street, #07-01 Tokio Marine Centre, Singapore 069046 Tel: 6592 6100 Fax: 6223 9120 www.tokiomarine.com
st
Unit 2, 1 Floor, Blk D, Abdul Razak Complex, Gadong, Bandar Seri Begawan BE4119, Brunei Darussalam Tel: 02-423 755 Fax: 02-423 754

# Page 19

SURRENDER CHARGE
Policy Year Surrender Charge
1 100%
2 100%
3 100%
4 99%
5 99%
6 98%
7 96%
8 95%
9 90%
10 89%
11 88%
12 83%
13 80%
14 75%
15 8%
PARTIAL WITHDRAWAL CHARGE
Policy Year Partial Withdrawal Charge
1
Not applicable as Partial Withdrawal is not allowed in
2
the first three (3) Policy Years
3
4 95%
5 76%
6 5%
7 5%
8 5%
9 5%
10 5%
11 5%
12 5%
13 5%
14 5%
15 5%
E & O E
UMB
UNZV, UNZW, UNZX Page 19 of 20 05/11/2025
UNAF
Tokio Marine Life Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 194800055D)
20 McCallum Street, #07-01 Tokio Marine Centre, Singapore 069046 Tel: 6592 6100 Fax: 6223 9120 www.tokiomarine.com
st
Unit 2, 1 Floor, Blk D, Abdul Razak Complex, Gadong, Bandar Seri Begawan BE4119, Brunei Darussalam Tel: 02-423 755 Fax: 02-423 754

# Page 20

PREMIUM SHORTFALL CHARGE
Policy Year Premium Shortfall Charge
1
Not applicable as non-payment of Regular Premium and
2 reduction in Regular Premium are not allowed in the
first three (3) Policy Years
3
4 70%
5 60%
6 58%
7 53%
8 51%
9 0%
10 0%
11 0%
12 0%
13 0%
14 0%
15 0%
E & O E
UMB
UNZV, UNZW, UNZX Page 20 of 20 05/11/2025
UNAF
Tokio Marine Life Insurance Singapore Pte. Ltd. (Company Reg. No.: 194800055D)
20 McCallum Street, #07-01 Tokio Marine Centre, Singapore 069046 Tel: 6592 6100 Fax: 6223 9120 www.tokiomarine.com
st
Unit 2, 1 Floor, Blk D, Abdul Razak Complex, Gadong, Bandar Seri Begawan BE4119, Brunei Darussalam Tel: 02-423 755 Fax: 02-423 754